In the end the other people who are there all sit down and eat popsicles.
manis wearing a white shirt and is walking in a green grass carrying a lawnmower.
kid is standing in the field watching the man with the lawnmower.
man stands and extends the hand to hold the kid.
cleaning materials sit next to a double sink, then a person puts a bottle with blue liquid next to the cleaning materials.
After, the person pours a little bit of blue liquid in the sink and scrubs the sinks with a sponge.
After, the person rinse the sinks with water and dries with a cloth.
A man is standing at the foot of a large wall.
He is stretching and staring at it looking like he might climb it.
He looks up and down before putting a foot on the base of the wall.
He then starts to climb higher and higher.
He scales the wall very methodically.
He eventually get to the very top with relative ease.
women are in a gymnastics competition doing high jumps in a roofed gym with a lot of people gathered around them watching them.
participants are on the podium receiveng thei medals.
Several men are shown bowling while an audience watches on.
The bowlers bowl in turn, one at a time.
The players and audience cheer one of the players.
The man in blue leotard raised the barbel, but he let go of the barbel and he fell on his back.
The man in red leotard carried the barbel all the way up his head the crowd cheered.
The athlete raised his barbel but wasn't able to go all the way up his head.
The crowd is cheering while the athletes are able to raise the barbel all up his head.
A man is seen hanging up a bicycle wheel and speaking to the camera.
He begins adjusting the bike and unscrewing the settings on the back.
He then puts on a pair of training wheels and showing how it moves.
Two men are playing racket ball in an indoor court.
The two men, one in black and the other in a red shirt playing racket ball against each other.
The man in black begins the first serve and the man in the red shirt returns his serve.
They continue playing racket ball.
Then the same players play racket ball on a different occasion wearing black and the other wearing a yellow shirt.
They continue serving and hitting the ball against the wall.
They play several rounds on the game.
They are back again in the red and black shirts playing racket ball.
They run to hit and the ball served by the opponent as they continue to play.
A young man on the roof of a tall building, with the backdrop of a city skyline, performs a series of dance moves, gymnastics moves, tumbling moves and high kicks.
The man begins with his back to the camera and stands facing the city skyline from the roof top.
The man then begins a series of high kicks, handless back flips, and breakdance moves.
The dance moves end with more high kicks, head stands and semi martial art moves, as the camera circles the man, as the man finishes, and walks, with back to camera, to the edge of the roof again.
A man and a women introduce themselves to the camera and start to talk to each other while the man is sitting behind a four set bongo set and the women is on the other side holding a water bottle.
As the conversation ensues another woman approaches the woman and takes away her water bottle.
Afterwards the man starts to play the bongos and woman starts to dance.
As the woman dances on a man on a bike passes by and starts to observe what's going on.
In the end while the woman stops dancing and starts to clap and the man playing the bongos stops playing and does a final clap.
This is a how to film on how to apply a seal to a roof.
Black things are put on the side of the roof.
The roof is sealed up.
A woman is outside shoveling with a robohandle.
It is making the process much quicker because it is a decent size and picks up a lot of the snow at once.
She is making a lot of progress in such a small window of time using this snow robohandle.
The handle honestly just looks like two large shovels though.
A guy stands outside, gestures, and talks.
A man ascends from the water, begins water boarding, and does flips.
A water vehicle is pulling a man holding a rope.
The guy begins to leave after making the last point.
A man is seen putting objects onto a wall and place a board along the wall.
He continues moving the objects on the wall and then nails them down with a nail gun and presents the shelves he's made.
A woman plays guitar on stage.
The lady sings in the microphone.
The lady takes a break from singing.
The lady begins to sing again.
The lady stops singing then steps back to the microphone.
A woman is seen speaking into a microphone and leads into her throwing darts at a person's head after spinning.
The person wears a pumpkin head and more people are seen attempting to throw darts.
In the end the man takes the pumpkin off of his head.
People are in a pool playing water polo.
A man in a white shirt walks along side the pool.
A woman holding a dog is standing on a dock.
A large group of women are seen moving around a stage and begin with two women performing a belly dancing routine.
The women continue dancing around the stage and end by holding a pose and bumping into one another.
snowy mountins are shown and people is doing snowboard  going down the hill holding poles.
a snow house with kids playing is shown.
ma is playing with a toy airplane.
people doing snowboarding are going down the mountain with red lighes and fireworks are in sky.
A man puts a harness on and steps on a bridge.
He jumps off the bridge and bungee jumps over a body of water.
A boat drives up and puts him in the boat.
A brush and two kinds of paint are on a table.
A knitter's hoop is shown lying on cloth, and a woman paints a design into the cloth.
She forms many leaves and flowers in orange shades.
When she is done, she shows off the flower design.
A man is mowing the lawn on a yard and laughing and making jokes with friends that are watching.
He begins to run with the lawn mover and nearly runs into something as his friends laugh in enjoyment.
One of his friends tries to help him as he is mowing the lawn.
A player holding a basketball dribbles the ball, run and jump to throw the ball in the basket several times.
A man throw a basketball in the court and then leave.
A person wet a car with water, then he puts detergent to the car using a long squeegee.
The man rinses the car with water.
Then, the man cleans again with soap and water the car for the second time.
The man cleans with a cloth and rinse with water the rims of the car.
After, the man dry the car manually with a cloth.
Next, the man cleans inside the car, then drives the car.
A man drinks coffee and then plays guitar indoor.
The man makes a pause and takes his coffee.
Then, the man hols a cup of coffee and a guitar in the street.
After, the man plays guitar indoor on front an audience.
Next, the man plays harmonica and guitar at the same time.
A person is riding a lawnmower with an umbrella through the rain.
A light colored sedan passes on the road.
The person on the mower drives up to the roadway.
A man is playing the bagpipes at the bottom of the stairs in the living room of a house, wearing a button up and dress pants, along with socks.
He begins to tap his foot along with the beat of his tune, He starts to tap his left foot in a back and forth rhythm with his right foot.
He finishes, and smiles at the camera.
Several people are standing outside in a snow with tubes in front of them.
Two people then get in the tubes and are pushed down the slopes.
They go down the snow slide and once they reach the bottom they get off.
An introduction comes onto the screen for a video about the winter sport curling.
Curlers ar shown as they take different shot and sweep down the ice.
The video ends with the closing credits and graphics.
A man is standing up and throws a rock.
People are standing and watching him.
A man gets into a horse carriage and rides away.
A group of men are shown cheering and jumping around in slow motion.
Many people are present as trophies are displayed.
A bunch of people gather to play beer pong and drink.
Various shots of the action at different tables is shown and then the video cuts to an internet address to find out more information.
A person's skis are shown close up as they move continuously down a snowy hill moving quickly past trees.
The person continues moving down the trail at a fast pace and meeting up with others at the bottom.
A man is standing up playing bagpipes.
People are sitting on a couch laughing at him.
A woman is shown with a paintbrush and a piece of canvas.
She uses green paint to fill in a drawing of a plant.
She goes around in circles, painting the image.
The name Seppe Smits appears on screen followed by "Snow Boarding 2400 Hours A Day".
Video of Smits starting his day is intermixed with shots of him snowboarding.
Social media hashtags on are shown on screen.
There are different athletes in the beginning of the video, but then 2 people are shown diving into the water while a huge crowd watches them.
In the end, the men's 10m synchro platform is held.
A man is seen walking over to a young girl who stands on a stage and begins performing martial arts.
She performs several flips and tricks and bows to a man in the end while everyone claps for her.
A man wears a welding helmet and holds a rod.
Then, the man use the road to held a piece of metal on the floor.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera while standing in front of an exercise bike.
The woman continues speaking and begins climbing onto the bike.
She spins herself around on the bike while sitting and standing and the camera panning around the girl.
A little girl is crossing the monkey bars.
She swings her leg up.
She drops down to the ground.
Hockey players walk out onto the ice, greeting each other.
They play the game, trying to get the puck past their opponents into the goal.
They roll around on the ice slowly.
A camera pans around a room with a freshly painted wall and a man painting the wall on a stool is seen.
The camera pans over the skylight and finishes by looking behind the area.
Some is carrying an instrument case walking around outside, they put the case down on the ground and take out a violin.
The woman plays the violin everywhere she goes and she dances while she plays too.
She does some movements of her body making her back bend down almost touching the ground while still jamming out on the violin.
She is very intense about it, she plays and plays and when she is done she walks away casually.
black dog is walking in a treadmill in a white room.
dog is running in the treadmill that is next to a drawer.
dog is wearing a red  necklace and is doing exercise.
The people are shown playing the drums using wooden drumsticks.
There are also people behind them playing golden cymbals.
After a while they all stop playing and stand silently.
A lady holds a cat in her lap on the floor.
The lady then clips the cats claws.
The cat tries to escape and the person calms the cat with a hair holder.
The cat tries hard to escape.
The lady finishes an the cat runs off and we see another cat sitting on a bed surrounded by clutter.
`A cookie is shown on a plate.
Ingredients are being added to a glass bowl and being mixed together.
Chocolate chips are added to the dough.
The dough is flattened out onto a cookie sheet.
Chocolate is drizzled over the top.
Candies are placed on top of the cookie.
The cookie is cut and placed on a plate.
A fork is shown eating the cookie.
The man is kicking the tile of the roof until it moved.
The man pull out one tire of the roof and pointed on the sides of the tiles.
He put back the tile, move it to its original place.
A man shows the proper way to lift a kettlebell.
He shows with his hips how not to do it.
A man stands  outside a tent.
He looks inside the tent at a group of kids playing cards and a woman sitting outside.
A boy walks through parked cars, smiling.
He is then shown on a kayak in a lake.
The rest of the family soon joins him.
The credits of the clip are shown.
People are interacting in an inside court.
People run to pick up balls from the center of the court.
Two teams are playing dodge-ball.
A red team member runs up and throws a ball directly at an opponent.
Text appears on the screen with regards to coffee possibly being bad for your health.
It is then mention with text on the screen that it can lead to high blood pressure It is then mentioned that it can hurt your hair growth and that it doesn't have any vital nutrients in it.
It is then shown that there are benefits and that one should moderate their intake to keep a balance.
A website is then shown to get more information on this topic.
Young people carry inflatable boats and get in the water.
Then, the young people lie face down on the boats and sail in the river.
After, the men advance in the water moving the hand to help advance.
Two young kids are his mother are standing in a kitchen washing dishes.
The little girl takes a blue sponge cleans her dish and then gets down and begins walking around.
Both the mother and son are still at the sink and she stands besides him and helps him clean his dish as well.
A woman holding towels talks to the camera.
The woman wipes the window behind her with a towel.
The woman sprays a liquid on the window.
The woman resumes wiping the window.
The woman returns to talking to the camera.
Different shades of nail polish bottles are seen.
Pieces of taper are wrapped around the tips of fingers around the nails.
Different shades of nail polish are applied to a foam pad then dabbed on the finger nails.
A clear coating is coating is applied onto the nails.
The tape is removed and the edges are cleaned up with nail polish remover solution.
Two people front to front push discs on the floor with a stick in a gym.
A man pass on front a clock.
Two people are seen kneeling before a plant sitting on the ground and speaking to one another.
The men continue to move dirt around the plant and end by standing next to the tree and pulling roots away and dumping more soil around it.
A black intro screen appears with white words and letters saying "Eric Bristow's unique TV 'Robin Hood' Darts shot 1983 vs J Wilson".
An older looking video begins and two different men are throwing darts at a dartboard.
When the men are done throwing darts, a dartboard is show and blue letters scroll up from the bottom to the top.
A large beach is shown as well as people standing around on the beach and looking at the sky.
People are seen flying kites up in the air while people look around and watch.
More people are seen flying kites up in the air with some grabbing them off the ground.
A team is on a field as a runner throws the ball, which the batter hits and is caught.
The coach instructs the players as they continue the game.
The players walk away, then a view of the ball coming at the bat is shown.
A woman talks and shows her long French braid.
Then, the woman lie on the bed and brush her hair on the border of the bed.
Then, the woman takes a lock of front hair and braid taking hair from sides.
Then, the woman shows the braid while continues talking.
man is standing in a room with dart game haging on the wall.
he took one of the dart from the board and keeps talking, approaches to the camera and shows the sharp dart.
he throw the dart to the board and lean on the wall.
man open his arms and swings side to side, kneel on the floor.
he take other dart into the board and with the head down starts yelling at the camera.
Two men are outside on the side of a bridge talking to each other as several people are walking by talking to them and shaking their hands.
After,the man that is in the harness grabs on to the shoulders of two men as they help him stand up on top of the bridge.
Finally,the man does a free fall off of the bridge and a orange ball is thrown to him.
A man is kneeling down on a blue mat.
He pulls down on a rope and works out.
He lowers the bar and starts pulling the rope in the other direction.
old man is standing in front of a young man talking to him.
young man is in the middle of stage and its spreading white cram on his hands and walks making deep beraths.
man is ready to lifting weight in middle of a white stage and people behind jim is clapping.
A man is seen kneeling down beside a tire while holding up various tools.
The man then takes off a hubcap and places it back on the tire.
He turns to speak to the camera.
A group of men are gathered in a circle in a room.
They shake each other's hands, then start fighting in the ring of people.
They spin and kick, never actually hitting each other.
When they finish the group comes together, clapping as a group.
A child is seen handing onto a set of monkey bars while children running around.
The girl then begins climbing across the set of monkey bars.
She climbs all the way to the end and jumps off the side.
We see a persons hand on the camera.
A girl then shows us her brush.
The girl uses the brush to brush her hair.
She shows us her brush again.
Her hand then covers the camera.
guys are having a paint ball fight with each other.
A guy explain how to hide and protect yourself when in the filed,How to crawl ,where to place your foot and hands when crawling.
A little girl/toddler stands outside, on a grass covered field, and hits, repeatedly, a pink pinata hanging from a tree.
A little girl/toddler in a lime green hair bow and tutu stands outside under a tree and hits a pinata with a stick.
The pinata flings around, and the girl hits the pinata again.
The little girl turns to look at the camera in between hitting the pinata.
A male is standing on side on a road in front of a forest with his foot on a skateboard.
The male then gets on the skateboard and start balancing himself on it.
After,he picks up the skateboard and moves a few feet back and starts skateboarding.
Once done,he picks up the skateboard and holds it back down to his side.
A large group of people are seen running around a field playing a game of lacrosse with one another.
The players run up and down the field while the camera captures their movements.
The men continue playing around one another while people watch on the side and cheer them on.
A person is sitting behind a table doing a rubiks cube blind folded.
A timer is on the desk in front of them.
The person completes the rubiks cube and sets it down on the table.
A man is holding a fishing pole over an ice fishing hole.
He gently tries to pull up and then reel the fishing line out of the hole.
He dips and lowers while taking a break.
He tries to reel the line out again.
He removes his gloves and gets to his knees and back up as he tries to pull the line out of the hole repeatedly.
He steps around the hole and continually gently pulls the line from the water as another man pulls the fish out of the water.
A man is seen rolling out a bike and begins checking the tires with another man.
One man cuts a wire and checks more tires  and another man spins the tires once more.
A man is seen standing on a ladder and working on a roof while the camera captures his movements.
The man then sprays down the roof and moves back and fourth.
Various shots of people walking around a snowy mountain are shown followed by person playing games on horses.
Many upscale people are seen watching on the sidelines as the horse game carries on and a winner is chosen.
The people then arrive late at night dressed up and posing for pictures.
A man in a black shirt setting up a camera while sitting in front of a rub-ix cube and a electronic stop clock.
Once the clock starts another man off camera and the man sitting in front of the cube starts to figure out the puzzle.
Once the clock reaches 43 seconds both the men finish the puzzle and congratulate each other on completing the puzzle.
A woman is using an iron on a board.
She is showing how to iron baby clothes.
She flips the clothing, buttoning it up as she goes.
A white fence is shown outside a house.
A man is holding a scraper and brush.
He scrapes the paint off the fence, then repaints it with fresh paint.
A man welds a section of a steel beam in a workshop.
The tip of the welding gun is adjusted using pliers.
The man marks and measures pieces of plate metal in between making welds on it.
The man demonstrates the angle to make a weld on the piece of plate metal.
Someone is riding a horse across a grassy field and comes upon other people on horseback.
We soon see the riders are part of a group, and we follow the group across a parking lot and into a stream.
Celebratory cheers are heard as the group is enjoying riding across the stream.
Then we see a couple of riders, one of them standing up in his saddle.
A person goes upstairs supporting on a crutch, then sits on the last step while a man follows him.
The man lifts up the carpet, then the person gives the man a carpet runner with nails while talking both men.
After, the man puts the carpet runner on the wood step and hummers the loosed nails.
Next, the man put on the carpet and uses a machine and a hammer to fix the loosed carpet.
A woman is outside in a large green field talking,holding up a bow and arrow in front of a white paper with a large target.
Before she begins,she assembles the bow in the arrow and hits the board.
She then demonstrates the proper way to put the bow in their again and how you should hold the arrow before releasing it.
After,a row of people are shown and they all begin to shoot their bows and arrows.
A man shovels snow in the winter.
A timelapse photo is made and a path is cleared so a car can drive out.
A man is standing at a table holding a bow in his hand talking.
He then goes outside and shoots an arrow at a target.
A close up of the bow is shown.
A small child is seen standing with her hands on her hips and between jumping down a hop scotch outline.
She jumps all the way down and speaks to the camera in the end.
We see a title card on a black screen.
It changes to skateboarding performing tricks.
We see a photographer taking pictures.
A man jumps a fire hydrant.
We see a man jump over stairs up close.
A man rides with lots of cameras flashing.
The camera slows down and the scene ends.
We see a black screen and credits.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while presenting various liquids and ingredients.
The man mixes ingredients into a glass with fruit for several drinks while stopping to have a drink.
He continues making more drinks using different ingredients and speaking to the camera.
Two girls are dancing and twirling batons on a gym floor.
One of the girls leaves and the other girl continues dancing alone.
She starts throwing the batons in the air.
The second girl joins her again and they finish dancing.
To wrap a circular gift you will need ribbon scissors, paper scissors, ribbons, tape, Japenese using paper because its soft and strong and the color doesn't come off.
First measure the paper correctly by measuring at the sides then fold paper in the middle holding the paper the same way on the other side then close paper in the middle of the joint to make a crease then repeat until crease is all around then put tape on top then tie on the ribbon.
A woman in white and gray shirt is talking, then a glass and pitcher of lemonade with straw is shown.
Two lemons is in small bowl, then the blonde woman talks in the camera, a hand cut the lemon, squeeze the lemon in the bowl, pour the lemon in the pitcher using a strainer.
The woman talks then the pot is placed in the stove, added water, then added the sugar, added the zest of lemon and mixed the pot, the woman added yellow liquid in the pitcher, added the ice and sliced lemons and pour the juice in the glass.
We see a woman hitting a pinata.
The lady pauses to line up her shot.
The lady holds the pinata as she hits it.
A man takes the bat from the ladies hands.
A man is in the woods, balancing on a tight rope.
He walks back and forth on the rope, then jumps.
A person is seen speaking to the camera and leads into a close up of the ground and another person sitting on the side.
More shots are shown of logs and sticks as well as a fire pit and a boy cutting a stick.
An open field is covered in snow and then suddenly a large bear appears on a table and is then put in a box.
Martha Stewart then begins taping the box.
The box is then placed on top of the counter and wrapping paper is put on both ends to about six inches up the box.
More wrapping paper is then pulled out and wrapped around the now covered box in the center.
After being taped,several red glitter bows are placed on top of the wrapping paper.
On the counter,appears several more rows of rapping paper and tubes.
The socks are then placed in a tube and covered in the silver wrapping paper.
The woman then takes a circular shaped object and traces it with a pencil and makes squiggles in the middle of it.
After they are cut out,they are placed on the end of the tubes and stacked together to give the illusion of fire wood.
A family has a picnic, and goes tubing on inflatable rafts in a narrow body of water surrounded by trees, on a rainy day.
A family of people sit at an outdoor wooden picnic table, eating, waiving at the camera.
The family watch the weather outdoors as it begins to rain and a little girl runs out into the rain and dances in it.
The family then appears, floating, talking and smiling on inflatable tubes on a narrow body of water.
The event ends and the family leaves an area bordered by a wooden fence.
Two girls are standing in a shop and hug each other.
The two girls acknowledge the girl holding the camera.
They each show their ears that they are wanting to be pierced.
The woman working in the shop straightens the girls head and marks her ear and pierces her right ear, as the girl makes faces.
The woman looks shocked as the worker talks to her and holds the mirror for h er to see the ear.
To be continued is shown on the screen.
The girl shows her ear as she sits in the chair and tries not to cry as the camera zooms in on her ear.
A man is trying to lift weights in a gym.
He lifts the barbell up to his chest.
He then lifts it over his head before dropping it to the ground.
A man wearing black pants, a plaid shirt and baseball cap trims a dark green hedge with an electric hedge trimmer.
The man trims a smaller light green hedge with the trimmer.
The man trims another hedge with trimmer.
The scene is sped up and contains ambient noises.
Several people are hitting an instrument with sticks.
Two men do flips in front of each other.
Several more groups of people appear to be doing some kind of martial arts dance.
They are surronded by clapping onlookers.
A young child is seen climbing into a slide and edging her way closer to the edge.
The girl then rides down the slide smiling and walks away.
The video shows a tutorial from Howcast on how to create volume in a haircut.
A lady hair dresser wearing a green shirt and pants is demonstrating a haircut on a model wearing a black tank top.
She shows how to section the lady's hair and cuts the hair in a slanting manner.
She explains how this technique helps in creating extra volume in the crown of the head.
A small group of men are seen standing on a sandy field hitting a ball back and fourth.
The men begin a game of volleyball and hit the ball all around the area.
The men continue playing while the camera captures them moving around.
An intro leads into several shots of a man riding a large wave of a surf board from various angles.
One man is then interviewed by the cameraman and is shown again riding large waves in the ocean.
Another man is interviewed by the camera and shows off his surfing skills on his board.
A boy talks in a field, then he plays with a person using a stick to hit a ball.
The boy throws the ball to the other boy and score.
The boys talk in the field.
An infomercial shows a person using a razor on their leg while speaking to the camera.
The woman continues shaving her legs and a close up of the tool is shown.
A woman in white shirt is posing with her short hair.
A man in white shirt is cutting the hair of the girl in  a studio with white background, then he braided the back of her hair, then continue to cut and style the girl's hair.
An intro leads into a woman speaking to the camera while several skiiers ride around her.
The camera follows the girl riding down a snowy hill as well as riding up ski lifts and speaking again to the camera.
Several more shots of her skiing are shown and ends with her waving to the camera and various pictures of skiers.
The video begins with shots of people cheering as well as several shots of players standing on a sand pit.
The crowd is seen doing the wave and continues to cheer as the camera shows various clips of a soccer match going on.
A lady looks behind her with delight.
The lady plays a black piano.
The lady looks to her side.
A man talks in front of an office building.
The man enters the building and walks up the staircase.
The man enters the gym room.
People ride on stationary bikes and watch a television in the gym.
A group of soccer players await the return of a soccer ball to the field.
One soccer player kicks the ball into the field.
Another soccer player takes hold of the ball and passes it to another soccer player.
The soccer players kicks it to the goalie.
The goalie kicks it to a nearby soccer player.
The soccer player kicks it to another soccer player.
First the woman shows us how she looks with her afro before she makes a bug bun.
First she sprays her hair with water from a spray bottle.
Then she adds moisturizer to her hair and ties a ponytail holder onto her hair.
Then she twists the ends of her hair to make a small bun and she wraps it to make it secure.
Then she lightly twists the braiding hair and uses as many bobby pins as she needs.
Finally, she puts gel on her edges to lay them down and she puts a bandanna on her edges.
Then she takes it off and it's all done.
women are standing in a table doing arm wrestling in a competition.
two referees on side of tables and watch each other.
women are arm wrestling in the table again and at the end high each other.
A woman pics up a bottle filled with red bullets.
The cotton pad is removed, then a gun is loaded.
She shoots the paint bullets at a target, spattering it red.
Several targets are shown getting spattered.
A logo for "The Galley" with the tagline "Reinventing the Kitchen" briefly appears.
The scene is narrated by a female speaker.
A woman with blond hair prepares a sink dishwashing station with a hanging sink and drying bars above a metal channel.
The woman washes glasses, plates and knives and then places each on the racks to dry.
The woman finishes by pulling the plug on the hanging sink allowing the water to flow away in the channel underneath.
"The Galley" logo appears again.
A young man is seen talking to the camera from various angles and then using a razor to cut his hair.
He continues cutting his hair while speaking to the camera and laughing.
He finishes his hair while looking into the camera then has his reflection shown behind a shower curtain.
People gather in a tour facility in the dessert.
Then, people rides camels pulled by men.
The caravan advance in the desert, while the camels walk in line.
A white car parks behind the camels.
Then, the man makes kneel the camels and people get down the camels.
After, a group of tourists rides camels and pass on front the tour facility.
A woman is seen swinging an ax down on a log while another man watches on the side.
Another woman takes off the log and the girl prepares to swing.
She swings the ax again and looks back smiling to the camera.
An intro leads into several clips of a person lifting heavy weights over their shoulders as well as their arms all around.
More shots are show of athletes performing impressive stunts while looking off into the distance and people measuring their throws.
A hair stylist explains how to cut a mans haircut.
The hair sylist prepares the hair into sections with some clips and begins cutting the hair with a feather razor and puts a clip in the hair on top of the head and proceeds to cut the hair with scissors making layers.
The hair stylist then uses a hair blower dryer to fluff up the hair using her fingers.
The hair stylist then uses only her fingers to fluff up the hair.
A close up of theman and the final cut and a close up of the hair stylist.
A man is running down the track.
He throws a javelin onto the field.
The audience is behind him in the stands watching.
The camera captures a close up of an older woman putting makeup on and smacking her lips to the camera.
She then puts mascara on as well as more lipstick and nods her head back and fourth smiling.
A camera shows a closet that pans into two girls seen riding on an elliptical.
One girl moves up and down on the machine while the other hangs on in front, leading to them jumping and speaking to the camera hiding in the closet.
A man practice ice hockey throwing a disc with a stick.
Then, the player scores in a game and he is congratulated by teammates.
Other player talks and talks when score while men plays ice hockey.
A player talks and teams are playing in the ice court, and players score.
There are people standing in a large indoor court, on two different sides, with balls in the middle of the court.
Suddenly people start running towards the balls and they begin to play dodge ball and pick them up and throw them at one another until one of the teams has only 1 person left standing.
Only 1 guy remain standings and he attempts to hit someone else on the other team with a ball, and they in return do the same, they go back and forth doing this until a red ball finally hits the last guy standing on the team and he hits the floor.
A group of girls in field hockey outfits walks onto a green field in a line.
The girls are then seen in front of a male coach talking to them and pointing to spots on the field.
Several girls are interviewed from the field and bleachers before  and as video of the girls practicing field hockey are shown.
The girls are then shown playing field hockey on a large green field interspersed with an interview from the coach.
woman is standing in a kitchen in front of a camera and showing ingredients on top of table.
woman is pouring the ingredients inside a kitchen aid and mixing them and explaining to the camera how to do the paste.
A lady is standing and holding a hammer.
The lady spins with the hammer and throws the hammer.
The lady leaves after releasing the hammer.
A small quote comes across the screen and the title pages follows.
After,several people are pictured outside in a field grooming their horses.
Finally,the people then get on their horses and they all begin competing with one another playing a game of Polo.
As they play,a woman is shown on the side of the field taking pictures and a small logo for the photography shows on the end of the screen.
man is smoking a cigarrette in a dark street.
man is wearing a white t shirt smoking a cigarrette and watching to the camera.
man is in the night in a dark field smoking.
A group of people are seen standing on a soccer field and leads into one falling down and being helped back up.
The same shot is shown again in slow motion and leads into one scoring a goal with others not paying attention.
The same shot is shown again in slow motion several times and pans back to all the players.
A person is seen standing ready in front of a large track with people sitting and standing around watching him.
The persons ticks their arms out and runs down the track into the sit pit and flips over.
We see a golden title on a black screen.
A man is playing a harmonica as arrows point to numbers above him.
We see another title screen and more arrows on numbers.
The title screen returns and the man plays with the arrows above him again.
The fourth title screen and the man plays with arrows above.
The name shows up and the video ends.
A man is walking in a room.
A girl is dancing in front of a mirror in the room.
He watches her from outside the room.
A man in a vest is sitting in a boat.
Then the man is in the water, holding a stick and a line attached to the boat.
The boat begins to pull him in the water as he begins water skiing.
He skis for a long while.
A white Breville toaster is sitting on a counter being plugged.
In front of the toaster, a block of white cream and a banana is sitting on a white plate.
Next,two slices of bread are in the toaster going up and down.
Once the bread is finished,it is put on the plate and the spread is put on both slices of the brad then the banana is cut up and put on the bread is put on top of the bananas.
Now,the sandwich is cut is half and the person begins to eating it.
A woman stands by a sink as she speaks.
She turns on the faucet and wets the sink.
She sprays the sink with a cleaner.
She grabs a paper towel and wipes the sink.
She turns on the water and wets the sink.
She grabs another paper towel and wipes the sink.
She finishes wiping the sink and speaks.
kid is holding a blower and is blowing leaves from the street.
the kid walks in a sidewalk and cleans the dry leaves with the blower and a man help him.
old man is holding a rake raking the dry leaves.
little girl with long hair is dancing in a living room with a lot of boots and shoes on the floor, she put them on and take it off.
girl is on skateboard in the living room and to the room again.
little girl is in library and grab something and then starts dancing in the room.
Three people are standing outside under a very large concrete gazebo and briefly the white word "MARANHAO" is on the right side of the screen.
A man with an instrument starts walking towards the three people and he begins to adjust his instrument.
Two of the people start dancing, the woman starts singing, then all the people are now holding instruments and are smiling as they start playing their instruments, dancing, and singing together.
woman is standing next to a horse holding a brush combing the horse's hair.
litle kid is caressing the horse.
woman walks to the track.
A man and woman are talking in a stable.
The man helps the woman on the horse and she leads it around the arena.
The woman gets off the horse and talks to the camera.
A small group of men are seen standing on a boat with one pushing a shuffleboard.
The men then begin playing shuffleboard with one another while taking turns.
They continue playing on the side of the boat.
A woman wearing pajamas is talking and standing on a star decorated stage.
She demonstrates several dance steps as she speaks.
She steps back and forth, turns and shakes her hips like a belly dancer.
An African American male athlete is walking  preparing himself to run.
The male then  begins to run from an angle towards the mat and does a high jump clearing the bar.
A replay is shown and the crowd begins to cheer for him.
Two boys are standing behind a table.
They have a glass and a lemon on the table.
They pour it into a pitcher of water and make a drink.
They pour the drink into two glasses.
They both take a drink out of the straw.
A TV presenter and an actress are putting googles to play rock, paper and scissors pie on front a pie with white cream.
After playing a while, the woman turn a handle that raise the pie that lands on the face of the actress.
Then, the pie lands for the second time on the face of the actress, as well on the face of the TV presenter.
The TV presenter stands holding ducks on both hands, then he pretends eats the duck on the right hand.
A person moves a tire towards the gate.
The gates close in their lanes.
People are sitting on tires behind gates.
A person moves their feet.
When the gate is released, people slide down the ice on tires.
A person celebrates and raises their hands.
A young man wearing a hat is seen speaking to the camera and holding up a chart.
He continues speaking and begins playing a harmonica.
He holds up the sign more while continuing to play and speak to the camera.
People run out onto a stage.
They begin to dance and work out on the stage.
An audience is watching them perform.
The sky is shown that leads into a man speaking to the camera with his friend.
Several people are then seen sitting in tubes riding down a river past one another.
The people continuing riding down the river through tunnels and paths while the man still speaks to the camera.
A woman is in a kitchen, stirring food in a pot.
She adds her gathered ingredients one a time as she talks, showing the pasta she is using.
She then adds a bowlful of vegetables she has mixed.
A man is kneeling down in front of a sink.
He starts scrubbing the inside of the sink with a sponge.
He takes a white towel and wipes off the counter and sink.
He sprays the mirror with Windex and wipes the mirror off.
A woman wearing a tan apron is holding a knife and talking.
She then shows an appliance on the table and tilts it upwards.
She turns a dial on the appliance and sets it back down.
She picks the knife back up and places it on the appliance.
She turns the dial again on the appliance.
She picks the knife back up and places it in the appliance and slowly draws it back several times.
She slices a tomato on a wood block with the knife.
She grabs a second knife and puts it in the appliance.
A boy stands behind a table of food.
He begins spreading mayonnaise on slices of bread.
He puts lettuce on the bread.
He stacks tomatoes on top of the lettuce on the bread.
He puts chicken on top of the tomato.
He puts one piece of bread on top of the other.
He puts mayonnaise on top of the top piece of bread.
He stacks the food up on the bread again.
He tops it with a final piece of bread.
He cuts the sandwich into four slices on a board.
He puts a toothpick in each section of the sandwich.
He moves the sandwich from the board onto a plate.
He adds fries to the plate with the sandwich on it.
Several shots are shown of people pushing sail boats into the water as well as riding them around one another.
People are seen riding around on jet skis following the boat as well as close ups of the boats being shown as well as underwater.
More people are seen riding on smaller boats and end by dragging a boat back to shore.
A person is sitting in a raft going down a stream.
There are multiple people in a raft going in the river.
Someone falls into the water and gets helped back in.
A man stands on front a sink.
Then, the man puts soap on a cloth.
After, the man wash the pot outside and inside.
Next, the man turns and dry his hands.
A bunch of people ride camels.
The camel gets down and kneels.
A car is driving down the highway at a fast speed, he takes an exit to park.
Then, they're at the gym and it's a class full of people jumping rope.
A woman coach and a child jump rope one on one together, she goes around instructing some other students in the class.
The class ends with pictures of the coach and her students.
An athletic man is seen standing with his arms a up and begins performing a gymnastics routine.
He spins himself round and round on the bar performing several flips and tricks and ends with him sticking his arms up into the air.
A woman is standing outside, talking to the camera.
She speaks extensively in her new york city location.
At the end, a screen appears with contact information.
A man is playing a wooden instrument inext to another man, sitting inside a small room.
When he is done, he lowers his instrument and smiles broadly.
They appear to be riding inside a train.
A young women in her bra and underwear sits on a bed.
She then applies lotion to her legs and hands.
She is very thorough in her work making sure not to miss anything.
She then starts the process of shaving her legs very intently.
She continues this process with her other leg being very good at attention to detail.
woman is in a kitchen talking to the camera and showing how to prepare cookies.
woman is mixing ingredients ni a kitchen aid and making balls and putnig them in a pan and on the oven.
A woman in a pink shirt is riding a cycle bike.
She is then doing push ups on the ground.
She does sit ups on the ground.
A man in a white shirt is standing next to a swimming pool.
A man is holding a camera filming him go up the stairs.
He stands on a diving board and jumps into the pool below him.
He gets out of the water and walks to give hugs to people.
A man wearing a plastic head covering is shown eating ice cream.
We see the inside of a plant, where cookies are crushed and put into containers of vanilla ice cream, then sorted.
Ice cream fills the pints, and is mixed in a giant vault before other ingredients are added and the pints filled.
We then see popsicles being created, before a man and woman are shown eating the treats.
A man is sipping a drink on the beach.
A girl is applying squirts of suntan lotion onto their bodies.
Then then go into the water, swimming and walking in the surf.
A young woman is seen walking into frame hitting a ball around a room.
The girl walks around the room back and fourth while holding a tennis racket and hitting a ball.
The girl continues to hit the ball around while the camera watches.
We see two girls representing China standing on diving boards above an Olympic size pool and dive in unison and we see their scores.
We then see two girls representing the USA dive in unison and see their scores.
Next are two girls representing Italy diving and scores are shown.
Germany is the next team to dive and scores are shown for them.
A woman is dancing on a stage.
A person lifts them up in the air over them.
Ballerinas are dancing on a stage.
Two men spar in a karate practice match inside a gym studio.
The instructor trips the student after catching the punches.
The instructor does a sliding kick on the student.
The instructor catches the kicks of the student.
A woman and a man salute, and then they demonstrate karate moves in a gym.
After, the woman and the man stand and salute.
A group of people are gathered outdoors at a market.
People walk by looking at all the wares.
A dog appears, as people continue to bustle.
At a pool place people are all gathered around some pool tables waiting for players to take their turns.
A male takes hie turn and then another in red takes his hitting but bot making it in.
No one makes it on their turn so they continue on to the next player.
The game continues waiting for someone to make some shots.
We see a title screen on white.
A lady has a cake turned upside down she puts back in the tray.
The lady slices parts of the cake and flips it again.
The lady cuts the edges off the cake.
The lady moves everything and brings it back.
We then see the ending credits.
A young boy in a blue jacket pulls onto a donut snow tube.
Two young kids watch him.
The whole group goes down the snow.
A small playground is seen followed by a man and his dog walking into frame.
The man pushes it dog up and the dog rides down the slide.
The man does this again with the dog in another playground.
A woman with a hat on stands and talks.
She is playing with her hair and talking.
Pictures of her hair are inserted.
A man cleans a window using a soft squeegee with detergent while explaining, then the man takes a steel wiper to clean the detergent on the window.
Then, the man applies more detergent with the soft squeegee, then clean with the steep wiper.
After, the man wash again the window using the soft squeegee and the steel wipe while explaining the procedure.
Various shots of a theme park are shown including rides moving, people playing games, and other people interacting with one another.
Two men are then shown driving around an area on bumper cars while laughing to the camera and others speaking to the camera.
The men continue riding around and ends with a woman pulling down a cover for the game.
A man is seen speaking to others off in the distance and begins pushing a man around a room.
He continues pushing the man while many watch on the side.
The man stands up and looks surprised as he's continuously pushed down.
Two people are seen speaking to the camera and leads into the man peel a pear and scoping out the sides.
The man then cuts the fruit and presents it onto a plate while still speaking to the camera.
A man is seated at a piano, playing and singing into a microphone.
When he finishes, he looks up and smiles.
A man is kneeling down on a blue mat.
Another man kneels down on the ground next to him.
The man lifts up one end of a weight and lifts it over his head.
A person talks and throws a bowling ball on the bowling lane.
The man holds a ball and shows his left leg forward, then throws the bowling ball on the lane while talking.
A young child is seen standing before a car holding a rag and looking at the camera.
The boy uses the rag all over the car while the camera follows his movements.
He continues moving around the car while another man sprays a hose and the boy wipes it down.
The scene opens up with a carwash and and advertisement.
Two men are talking while one is sitting in his car.
A man is cleaning a car and talking to the camera.
The car is dried and vacuumed, then on to the next car.
The customer is handed his keys and he is on his way with a clean car.
Two men are messing around while cleaning the car.
A sign shows the services they offer.
A group of people riding bmx dirt bikes come down a path together.
Then spin around, taking sharp turns and curves on the track.
When the race is over, they walk around handing out medals and posing for photos.
A woman stands with a child that is seated next to a counter.
The woman applies a dry powder to the back of the girls hair and brushes in through.
The woman get s a blow dryer and uses it while she brushes the girls hair to straighten it.
A man is playing the bagpipes.
People are playing a game of lacrosse outside.
A man in a blue shirt is talking to the camera.
People are playing hockey on a rink of ice.
A referee skates over to the people.
They continue playing the game of hockey.
A woman is seen sitting in front of the camera and begins putting a contact lens in her eyes.
The woman keeps attempting to put the lens in her eye while looking around trying again.
She succeeds the last time and is seen cheering to the camera.
A man walks onto the stage to join a band.
A man plays up front of a band with a harmonica.
The keyboardist plays a spirited solo during the song.
The man congratulates and gives a high five to the keyboardist at the end of the song.
The words "Conga The Entertainers Dance Company Flemington New Jersey" appears on screen.
Four young girls perform on stage at the "American Dance Championships.
" The girls fall to the floor as part of the routine and continue to dance.
The gymnast gathers his focus, and mounts the pommel horse to begin his event.
The audience watches and cheers as the announcers give their commentary.
He goes up to a hand stand.
He picks up his speed once he comes back down from the hand stand.
The gymnast has a nice dismount.
We watch the performance again in slow motion then see his smile as he is seated afterwords.
A youth talks inside a home, then he gets outside the home.
A man and a teen stand on front a swimming pool talking, and a person lay down on a chair.
Then, the man pushes the teen to the water who has trouble to swim.
After, the man gets in the water and flip the teen.
The teen gets out the swimming pool and throws chair to the man.
Next, the teen walks away angry, and the men and the woman take the chairs out of the pool.
An ad for Floorworks appears on the screen.
A guest room is shown, displaying the dirty carpets.
Men are shown replacing and repairing the floors with wooden slats that don't need glue to install.
Final photos are shown of the new hardwood floors in the guest room.
A young lady is making faces at the camera.
She holds up a box that has barcodes and reads "Sterling Gray" on it.
She shows a bottle of Renew and eye contact lens cases.
She applies both of the contact lenses and cries.
A man and woman are dancing on a roof top of a building in a city.
He lifts the woman up into the air.
The camera pans up to a tall building in the background.
A intro leads to a young man wearing a backwards baseball cap playing the guitar on a bed.
The man strokes his fingers up and down the neck of the guitar while strumming the string and looking down at the neck.
A large dog is standing in a bath tub.
A woman in a pink shirt is scrubbing the dog with soap.
She then starts washing the dog with a hose.
A woman dressed in a blue shirt and black apron begins talking behind the table.
On the table,she has five different kinds of paint, brushes and other supplies needed to complete the task.
She then begins talking as she leans on a wooden table stand next to her.
The lady begins by taking a screwdriver and removing the knob from the drawer and wiping it down with a wet cloth.
Next comes the brown paint as she begins putting various strokes on it to finish it.
The stand is done but then goes back and starts add a finish on it.
A lady stands and talks in a gym.
She points to her abdomen, then lays on a bench.
The lady holds the bench and and lifts her abdomen and legs.
The lady sits up and scoots to the edge.
The lady performs the same exercise with her butt hanging off the bench.
The lady finishes, sits upright and speaks.
The woman with sunglasses, blue jacket pushed the round lifebuoy on the snow and jumped on it.
The lifebuoy continue to slide on the snow, the woman is looking a the camera, she passed the orange flags, and several people that are standing on the side of the trail.
A girl video records a man throwing lighting the end of a stick on fire.
The man blows the stick of fire into a pile of wood and eventually creates a fire.
A man is wearing a suit and speaking and the words on the screen say that his name is Rich Noonan and that he's the host of Best of The Best Television.
A series still shot pictures of homes, people, stucco work being done on a home, a list of stucco information begin to play and the opening words before the pictures start say "BEST OF THE BEST TELEVISION".
When the pictures are done a dark gray screen appears that include the name of the stucco company, their phone number and their website.
The host appears talking once again and it ends with the words a screen saying BEST OF THE BEST TELEVISION and then a screen naming the producer and his website.
An old woman talks before run in a marathon where there is a lot of people participate.
Then, the woman cross the finish line and people help her.
A cameraman films on front the finish line while people is arriving.
A woman raise her arms when cross the finish line.
We see an opening title screen.
We see a lady sitting at a table with shoes and supplies talking to the camera.
We see screens with shoes on them.
The lady shows us various shoes.
The lady shows us the shoe supplies.
The lady adds a product to the shoes.
The lady then wipes the product off with a towel.
The lady then adds shoes wax to the shoe and wipes it off.
We see the closing title screen.
BMX waiting at the gate for the gate to come down and the race to begin.
They take off on the track going really fast through it really fast.
Florida has several locations for BMXing if you love to do it and don't know where to go, they have 1500 licensed riders and 30 sponsored teams.
They even have some bikes for mini riders that want to be like their daddy's.
Two Asians a man and a female are sitting down at a table before going to the inside of a gym.
In the gym,several young girls begin doing gymnastics and performing before coming back and doing an interview with the reporter.
Next,a young man approaches the bars,does his routine,and then comes back to to his interview.
A text intro leads into a wrestler slamming down another wrestler in a ring.
The video continues with more shots of the man pinning down wrestlers.
Several more shots are shown and ends with a subscribe option.
A woman is drinking a cup of coffee.
Coffee beans are shown in a cup.
Web articles are being shown.
A cup mug is being filled with coffee.
People are riding bikes down the street.
A large group of people are seen standing in a circle playing drums with one person in the middle instructing them.
The camera pans around the group playing drums while people them on the side.
A man is seen speaking to the camera holding a paddle and sitting in a kayak.
The man then paddles himself around the area on the kayak flipping around and looking to the camera.
A group of teams are shown doing various sports events involving snow.
The camera then shows handicap individuals playing a game where they are sitting in a wheelchair pushing puck like objects with handles.
A man is then shown and begins talking describing the game that is taking place.
A man stands in front of a crowd pointing and speaking about the layout of a bullfighting ring.
A demonstration of bullfighting is performed by a man with a pink cape and a man moving a fake bull object with a wheel.
The bullfighter then demonstrates how to use his sword on the bull.
Then the students wants to give it a try.
Dog owner stand with and hold their dogs.
People play with their dogs in a park with obstacles.
A group holds signs with a dog on a city sidewalk.
A man swings and throws the hammer repeatedly.
The man hops on one leg at the end and walks away.
We switch to a man throwing shot put.
Men on the sideline clap and jump.
The man in red and blue raises a red flag.
We see a man throw the hammer repeatedly.
A cowboy in a horse ran towards the field and chase a cattle.
The cowboy got off the horse and chase after the cattle, when he catched the cattle he tied the cattle.
A person's arms are seen moving back and fourth in the water controlling a kayak under some tombs sticking out of the water.
The man continues pushing his way along and ends with him sticking his pole into the water.
A small child is seen holding a stick and swinging at a pinata.
A girl is seen blindfolding another while a man plays with the camera on the side.
The man holds the stick and gestures to the girl on the side.
A person hangs onto the handles of a kite flying overhead.
The kite falls as the wind lessens.
The kite blows hard in the air as the wind picks up again.
Two people wearing scuba gear are sitting at the edge of a boat with their backs to the water.
The person on the right leans all the way back and splashes in the water.
The next person also leans back but can't fully fall into the water because they're stuck to something on the boat, so their legs go flailing.
People are running around playing dodge ball.
A woman is holding a camera taking a picture.
A woman in a blue shirt poses with a man for a picture.
A man is seen sitting in a kayak while speaking to the camera and holding a paddle.
The man then moves himself around on the kayak while demonstrating how to properly move.
He continues to spin around while looking up at the camera.
A man is standing outside in a field of grass that is relatively low.
However,in his hand he has a scythe and begins swinging it back and forth cutting the grass down further.
As he cuts,several texts appear across the screen with white words about what he is doing and explaining the activity.
Two men are seated in a room in front of a robotic arm.
One of the men is using a controller to make the arm pick up a bottle.
The arm brings the bottle to the man's face, so he can take a drink.
Then the robot returns the bottle to the table.
A gymnast performs a routine on the horizontal bars.
The gymnast spins and turns from one bar to the other, also holding on one hand.
Then, the gymnast spins and jumps stand on the floor, then a flashback of the routine is presented.
A man is seen riding a camel that has a cart attached to the back with two passengers.
The people in the back have a conversation while riding through several people watching on the sidelines.
The man riding the camel smiles and waves to the camera.
A man jumps of a diving board backwards into a swimming pool.
There is a big splash and the man surfaces smiling.
A boar bristle brush is shown, then a video dvd of how to shave.
A man is lying down, lather on his face while a barber shaves his beard.
The man then lathers his head and shaves it with a straight razor as well.
An image of the dvd is shown again.
A young woman is sitting in the doorway of a building.
She is staring at the camera.
She keeps taking puffs from a cigarette as she sits.
A boy stands at a sink in a kitchen.
He is wiping his shoe down.
He turns around and smiles at the camera.
A camera is seen panning around a large lake followed by a person riding by on skis behind a jet ski.
Two people are seen riding behind the jet ski and continuing to move along the water.
A man picks up a ball and puts it behind his neck and throws it onto the field.
Another man in a blue shirt picks up a ball and puts it behind his ear and throws it onto the field.
People measure the distance on the field.
The man puts on a white t shirt and puts his arms in the air.
Another man launches a ball onto the field.
A woman wash the head of a man and cuts his hair, then the woman stands next two man an touch the head of the young man.
The woman cuts the hair of a young man using first a machine, and then a comb and scissors.
Then, the woman dry the hair with a dryer and brush the head.
After, the woman takes cream on her hands and comb the head of the man with her fingers to gives form to the hair.
Next, the woman explains the hairstyle.
People are sitting in blue bumper cars.
They drive around and bump into each other.
A little boy in a hat waves at the camera.
A small spout of water is shown outdoors between the forest and the rocks and is creating small waves.
All of a sudden a person comes down the water kayaking.
Once he gets to the bottom,the kayaker turns and the waves continue flowing washing up against the rocks.
We see the title over the scene.
We see the reverse of a man is mowing his lawn with an electric mower.
The man goes halfway up the yard and turns around.
The ending title returns to the screen.
A person cooks on a wood cooker, then a person rafts in a river.
Young men unpack a car and then carry raft boats in the jungle and pass a rope bridge.
Young men raft in a narrow choppy river on individual boats.
The young men falls from small cascades in the rocky river.
A girl in a yellow shirt is brushing her teeth in a bathroom.
A girl next to her in a blue shirt is also brushing her teeth.
They are both looking in the mirror.
women are insisde a bathtub shving her legs with ceam and water.
women are laughing in front of a mirror.
A stack of sticks are shown in a pile followed by a person speaking and holding up an object.
A person's hands are then seen lighting a match into the pile and creating a fire when he shows his face once more in the end.
A person talks in the street, then the person skateboard on the road.
Then, the person kicks the skateboard back.
After the person jumps off it and the skateboard slides on the road.
Next , the person practice skateboard dragging a foot, after the person use the grass to do tricks.
A man is standing outside of a home talking with a large silver pole in his hand that has a yellow rope attached to it.
The man begins cleaning the inside of a sliding glass door with his pole and brush and washes around the base and the inside of the window.
The man then stops and begins talking to the camera and pointing to the window before he waves bye.
We see an image and a title card.
We see a man playing basketball.
The shot he made is seen in reverse.
We see a gym with teenagers shooting basketball.
We see a title card on black.
A man is shooting basketball in a gym.
We see a man dunk the ball twice.
We see the ending title card on black.
Several people are outdoors, washing laundry in open basins.
The women use a pump to bring in water into the basins.
A woman and a man performs arm wrestling.
The man raise his t-shirt sleeve until the shoulder.
A man walks in a room behind the wrestlers.
The man bend the woman's arm, but the woman straight her arm and bend the arm of the man and win.
Two teams play ice hockey the white team scores, and people in the bleaches cheers, then the red teams scores for his team, then they continue playing.
The white team scores and players hug each other, the crowd applauds.
After the red team score.
The players go to dressing rooms in the half time.
Then, the players continue playing and the red team scores and wins the competition.
Water is rushing between rocks in a river.
Rafters appear, paddling through the rushing currents.
The rafter continues as he navigates the river.
A man is smoothing a substance on a roof with a trowel.
He moves quickly to smooth out dents.
The man moves to the bottom and smooths back up the top.
He finishes and walks away.
man is running wearing stilts in a green grassy field.
cars are parked on side of a street in the background.
man get ous the grass and runs into a street.
A woman wearing sweat gear and seen trying obtain a light with a lighter.
She fails to do so and begins walking towards the camera.
A lady sits on a couch and discusses.
The lady sails a boat.
The lady goes water boarding.
A man is see speaking to the camera while sitting on a piece of exercise equipment.
He adjusts the settings on the machine and begins using it back and fourth.
He grabs onto the machine and moves himself ending by speaking to the camera.
We see a lady peeling small potatoes.
The lady peels her second potato.
The lady moves on to her third potatoes.
We zoom out and see the ladies face.
The lady peels her fourth and fifth potato.
A young man is shown in a room playing ping pong.
At one point he shrugs his shoulders while waiting for his opponent to start.
The video continues to show the man playing ping pong, and at times stopping due to the ball leaving the table.
The video ends as the man comes up to the camera to turn it off.
a girl stands in front of a bathroom mirror and vigorously rubs her face.
The girl turns on the faucet.
The girl then splashes water on her face several times.
The girl wipes her face with a towel.
A person take on the hands a small and big brush and a com, and points a jug of detergent and a spray bottle.
The person takes the big brush and brush the back leg of the dog from top to bottom.
After, the person brushes the back leg of the dog using the big brush, then she small brush and the comb.
Next, the person sprays the leg of the dog and combs.
A gymnast mounts a low beam in a gym.
She stands on the beam, then does several hand springs and flips.
She dismounts, raising her arms in the air.
A black and brown down is standing up against the wall as a person moves a vacuum like machine back and forth over his fur.
After his back is done,the person does the legs then lifts his tail up and does the but hole and the dog begins to walk away.
The women then has to grab the dog and hold him to finish her task.
Once complete,she takes the hair out of the vacuum and dumps it into a big black trash bag.
A small toddler is in the bathroom brushing his teeth.
As he frantically brushes,a  woman comes to assist him as he points to different things on the counter.
The young boy keeps brushing and then they end up switching tooth brushes.
Eventually,the woman puts toothpaste on the brush and the boy cleans his teeth.
Once he is done,he is given a bar of soap and has to wash hands.
Finally he is done and he grabs his toy and runs out of the bathroom.
Two people are standing in front of a street performance.
We see a group of people as two use a jump rope.
Several others jump in, jumping over the rope, flipping and doing stunts.
People are playing volleyball on a beach.
A girl falls down onto the sand.
A girl raises her hands in the air.
A person's hands are seen close up on a tool and begins moving the handle around and taking the tool apart.
The person unscrews some items and tightens the inside and moves the screwdriver around while holding the tool.
People slides on inflatable sleds down the hill.
People take turns to sled down the hills.
Then people get together to sled on group.
Also, people sled on on a line down the hill.
Groups of people bowl games in a bowling alley.
People in recorded video of the bowling match.
Spectators sit and stand behind the railing watching the event.
A man bowls a his turns standing backwards.
People in the stands cheer for the bowler.
The word Happy is written in pebbles on the side of the sand.
A large body of crystal blue water is shown and a large boat with people are in it.
The individuals began dancing and jumping off the boat and enjoy themselves in the water.
As the people continue,three or four people are in the water swimming with goggles on.
A man is seen standing before a kitchen sink and washing dishes in his hands.
The man then cleans the dishes and puts them away, then looking over upset to see more dishes.
A boy is sitting on a ramp with the flaps up on his dirt bike waiting to go on the course.
The boy then comes back and begins moving the pedals on the bicycle and then stands up on the bike.
Another angle is shown and the ramps are let down and the boy begins riding down the pavement.
The woman says a few words in the beginning while the dancer stands silently.
First the dancer makes sure her legs are positioned correctly.
Then the ballet dancer brings one foot into a coupe.
Next she straightens both legs and puts one leg in the front and brings it back down.
She then repeats those 3 steps over again.
A girl jumps onto a balance beam.
She begins to do a routine on the balance beam.
She dismounts and lands on the mat with her hands in the air.
man is sitting in font of a table talking about how to clean a white sneaker.
man pour a liquid on water and cleans the shoe with a brush and with a wipe polish it.
People are sumo wrestling on a mat.
People are playing the drums.
Sumo wrestlers are talking to the camera.
A bike with a deflated tire goes through the dirt.
A man gets off the bike to look at it.
