We see the ending credits and the screen fades.
A man is seen performing a dance routine on a stage while an orchestra plays behind him.
A woman then steps in and dances with the man while spinning his hat around and twirling on the stage.
The two end by making a funny gesture and then walk off the stage to the side.
Two people are seen sitting on a ski bench putting on gear and leads into people pushing a puck around a hockey rink.
Several shots are shown of the players skating around the ice and playing the sport of hockey.
In the end they all kneel down next to one another and skate away.
A man in a blue outfit puts chalk on his hands.
A man in a yellow shirt is watching.
The man in the blue outfit picks up a large weight and lifts it over his head.
The crowd cheers for him.
He gives a man in a suit a hug.
A green figures walks down the street.
An endless stream of other green figures appear.
Each of the figures is walking a dog.
The clip seems to be a loop.
A small group of men are seen riding around on various horses holding sticks in their hand and preparing for a game.
The men then throw the ball down and all ride around on horses attempting to hit the ball and one scores a goal.
A person holds up a flag and shows other people watching on the sides.
A person then scores two more goals and the goalies raise their flag each time.
A gymnast bend to rise weight above his head, while other men sit in the gym watch him.
The gymnast drops the weight to the floor.
A man hits a ball with a bat.
Three men stand on a field.
One man throws a ball on the field.
Three men flip a coin.
People stand on a slack rope and cross it on a beach.
A man falls off into the dirt.
A man takes his shirt off and throws it on the sand.
A man continues doing tricks on the slack rope.
A man in a red coat is outside on a snowboard.
He starts going down a course and doing some really cool tricks while moving.
Some men are rubbing down their boards and another gets on the field and starts doing some flips and stuff in mid air.
These are all pretty experienced people on the boards, they are even boarding through water and having a good time.
Several clips of shown of people playing kickball against one another in a large field.
Several clips are shown of people running around, catching and throwing the ball, as well as partying on the side.
A woman is playing an acoustic guitar.
A woman standing next to her is dancing and twirling a baton.
Words are then shown on the screen.
A close up of a person leads into the person watching their hands and scrubbing it with soap.
A man is shown scrubbing up his hands in a sink while demonstrating the proper way to wash hands and dip them under the water.
The man dries it off with a rag in the end.
A male worker walks up to an elephant.
He gives the elephant a dart.
The elephant and a woman take turns throwing darts at their targets.
A lady sits and discusses, indoors.
The lady shows off her painted nails.
The lady presents her nail polishes.
The lady paints her fingernail.
The puts nail polish on a folder and uses them to embellish her fingernail.
The lady raises her foot and shows off her sock.
The credits of the clip are shown.
A montage of athletes completing incredible stunts and races are shown as well as hundreds of people watching in the audience.
The shots lead into several more athletes jumping over a pole while pausing the in the middle, finishing with the shot being shown again in slow motion.
The final gymnast waves to the camera and walks away.
A man is seen speaking to the camera as well as several shots of a bowling alley and him bowling a ball.
He continues speaking to the camera while showing several videos of him throwing the bowling ball and hitting several pins.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera and leads into her ironing a pair of pants.
The woman continues ironing the pants while moving the iron up and down.
A group of people are skiing down the side of a mountain.
A group of moose are baying between scenes of lifts and helicopters overhead.
People give each other high fives as they ski.
A group of kids are on a track, and they practice jumping over a low beam.
They perform the motion several times, portraying the act in slow motion.
We see gymnasts in a gym on each other shoulders.
They then begin an aerobic dance.
The people walk to their steps and step on them.
The people moves the steps to the center of the room.
A lady does a split on the floor and they finish.
The ending title appears on the screen.
The camera pans around a man standing in front of a ping pong table and begins playing a match with another man.
The men continue hitting the ball back and fourth while various people watch him on the side.
A camera follows around a small boat that is moving along the water as well as landscapes.
The camera zooms in on the boat and shows people riding inside.
A girl sits and endures pain as she gets a traditional Polynesian tattoo.
The artists stop for a moment and clean off the area.
They begin to continue tattooing her hand as she endures visibly the pain.
We see a lady holding a flute.
We see the song title.
We see a lady performing a song on a flute.
The girl pauses and plays again.
The girl finishes playing and smiles at the camera.
People are driving in a car down the street.
A man is wake boarding in water full of berries.
A van is driving on a road by the water.
An older man is seen standing before two pucks while another person pushes them along the ice.
The man bends down several times and then glides along the ice with the pucks.
A man walks up to a microphone while playing the sax.
A group of baseball players wait on the field.
The man continues to play the saxophone for the crowd.
woman is posing to a camera in a white room.
man is standing behind the wmoan cutting her hair with a scissor and the model is posing.
A large semi truck is driving in the rain.
Then we see boys riding skateboards outside a house.
They perform several stunts on a board in the driveway.
A person is seen making marks on a paper using a tool as well as a pencil.
He then screws the tools in place of the holes and the camera pans down the finished area.
He then wipes down the area, measures out more area, and then rolling the paper down over a tool.
Finally he takes a sharp object and runs it all along the paper.
A man pushes a tube down a hill.
Another person sleds down the hill on a tube.
A person in a red jacket is standing at the bottom.
A man wearing a blue shirt and a man wearing a dart shirt enter a stage surrounded by a crowd.
The two men competes paper, scissors and rock on front a judge.
The two men continues competing while the judge gives the start.
Then, the two men continue competing, after the man wearing dark shirt wins the competition and people cheers.
A woman is seen standing in the middle of a sand pit and begins swinging an object around.
She spins this around herself several times then begins swinging herself around.
She continues swinging and finishes by throwing it off into the distance.
A man cross a parking lot bouncing with bouncing shoes.
There are car in the paring lot.
woman is talking to the camera.
kids are running in stage and jumping the rope.
kids are siting on court watching the skipping rope competition.
People are standing on a roof top looking up.
A woman in a green shirt eats chips.
A man in a blue shirt is pointing to the sky and moving his hand in circles.
There are many kites in the sky around them.
A little boy mops a wooden ramp, barefoot,outdoors with a mini mop and bucket of water.
A young boy stands outside, without a shirt, barefoot and jeans and mops a wooden ramp with a yellow mini mop.
The boy dunks the mop in water after awhile and continues to mop the ramp.
A teen puts make up to an man on his face.
Then, the teen puts mascara, lip sticks and paint the eyelid with an eyeliner.
Then, the teen puts color on the cheeks, then she eyeliners the eyelids.
After, the teen paint the mouth and put lipstick on the cheeks and paint the eyelids.
A chef is seen speaking to the camera and leads into him holding a board followed by cutting up dough.
The man peels the dough pieces with a machine and lays them flat to roll out dough.
The man then rolls out the flattened dough and shows off his finished pasta.
A man's hands are shown at a table.
He places a cardboard box over wrapping paper.
He begins to wrap the box, demonstrating how to properly wrap a present.
He tapes the wrapping paper around the box.
The man ties a bow around the box as the camera slows down the motion.
He cuts the excess bow away, and we see a sticker with a woman's face.
A couple of women are talking as they stand in a backyard.
They are holding moss killer attached to hoses.
The women spray the moss killer onto the roof of a shed, killing the growth with the liquid.
They then hold up the moss killer strips in a box.
Sandwiches are displayed in a slideshow.
A person spreads mustard sauce on slices of bread, then the person put on top Swiss cheese, jam , sauerkraut and a slice of bread on top.
After, the person spreads butter on the sandwiches and put them on a hot surface, then the person cuts the sandwiches in half.
The man in blue shirt is strumming the drum in front of him.
The young man strum the drum in front of him then the next drum.
The young man strum the drums in front of him.
A dog pushes a stroller down the sidewalk.
A person in white passes the tree.
The dog passes a small tree.
A set of instruction is seen with diagrams.
A man uses a tool to repair individual links of a bike chain.
The bike chain is fastened back together on the bike gears using a specialized tool.
The person inspects the newly replaced chain by hand.
The person points to different areas on the bike gearing with the bike on the rack after the job is complete.
A man and woman are talking.
A man starts playing a harmonica.
The crowd watches him play.
A man puts a ball on the ground, then throws a flag.
He hits the ball, setting a game into motion.
The players fight over the ball, getting it into the goal and the audience cheers.
The game continues as the players compete.
A lady knees, while a guy walks and instructs.
The lady places both hands behind her head.
Two sumos prepares to wrestle in a ring while a judge stands in middle of them.
Then the sumos wrestle, and the thin sumo throws the fat sumo to the floor.
After, the fat sumo stands up and left the ring.
The crow applaud, then men broom the ring.
A person is painting a wooden fence.
A cat's paws can be seen coming out from under the fence.
A dog is looking at the cat's paws.
Two men play bagpipes, while being photographed at an outdoor military and police ceremony with a speaker at a podium surrounded by men in uniform and in front of a formally seated audience.
Two men play bagpipes in front of a row of police officers and a man in a military uniform, all as a photographer takes their photo from below.
The camera pans to a man in a suit standing at a podium in front of a group of people who are standing along with the rows of people in uniform behind the speaker.
The camera then pans to three military planes flying overhead as part of the ceremony before returning to the people, who are standing, in front of the man at the podium.
A large group of men in uniform are gathered around to play some paintball.
They start to run off and everyone is sneaking around trying to catch and shoot other people without getting caught.
The field they are playing on is pretty cool, it has a lot of different hiding places.
in the end they all take of most of their head gear and start walking back together.
People make a hole on the shore of the beach using shovels.
Then, people make a wall around the hole.
A man is standing outside under a tent hitting a pinata with a stick.
After about three strings,he moves and gives the stick to a  young girl with a grey and black dress on.
Once she has the stick,she is hitting in the wrong direction and then is redirected towards the pinata and still ends up missing it.
Two old bagpipe players play towards each other.
One bagpipe player turns.
The bagpipe players finish playing.
The crowd claps for the players.
A large crowd is seen sitting in front of a pool followed by several shots of two people diving into a pool.
More shots are shown of divers performing impressive stunts into the pool and ends with them walking away and their score being shown.
A man speaks off into the distance and the divers stand together to get their medals.
A man is seen playing a set of bagpipes while people behind him push around bicycles.
He is seen playing again while more people walk in and out of frame with children and dogs.
Some people stop to hear him play and he stops to look to the camera.
A setting of glasses with lemon water are set on a place mat with a whole lemon.
Lemon slices are scooped from a jar and placed into drinking glasses on a steel counter top.
Steaming hot water is poured over the lemons in the glasses.
The glasses are stirred with a stirring rod.
The glasses are seen set on the table and are slowly panned over from right to left.
A man in a tan shirt is talking.
He sets his tennis racket down on the ground.
Another man runs around on a tennis court.
We see a man raise his arms and prepare to mount the pommel horse.
The man mounts the pommel horse.
The man does a handstand and throws his open legs over the pommel.
The man spins around on the pommel horse.
The man does a handstand and dismounts.
The man raises his arms and walks away.
The man shakes another man's hand.
A small young boy is outside running across a green field,he then reappears wearing a green helmet and a stick in his hand that is shaped like a paddle.
The boy then gathers with the rest of his team,they stand in a line, and begins scrimmaging against one another.
As the game continues,the kids run back and forth across the field and the coaches trail behind them.
A little boy is laying on an exercise ball.
The boy falls of and gets back on the ball before he falls off again.
He tries to sit on the ball but the ball rolls away.
He retrieves it and continues to sit on and fall off the ball.
A woman is smoking a cigarette.
She is sitting down and people are walking behind her.
She continues to hold cigarette in one arm.
People continue to walk behind her and in front.
She continues to smoke and stare straight ahead.
A couple is seen performing a tango routine with one another in a small room.
The people continue spinning and dancing all around the room and ends with them stopping and facing the camera.
A young lady is standing in a field of dirt with an ax in her hand attempting to cut down a log.
The girl is not successful in her first attempt so she picks the log back up and tries again.
Ladies are playing volley ball outside.
A female hits the ball twice.
A lady touches a teammate's arm.
elephant is walking in a small water well playing with a ball.
woman is talking in the camera and the elephant is again in the water well playing with the ball.
little elephant is playing with a big blue ball.
A man is seen standing before a set of uneven bars with his arms up.
He then jumps up on the beam and swings himself around.
The man continues to swing around on the bars and ends by jumping off the side and walking away.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera while grabbing various bags and laying them out.
She puts and object into a bag while pointing to a box next to her.
She stuffs paper into the bag and ends by tying a bow on top.
Ingredients are shown on a sliver platter.
A man begins chopping food on a black chopping board.
He adds pasta to a large pot on the stove.
He starts cooking in a pan on the stove.
He covers the pan with a lid.
He puts the pasta into a bowl.
He pours the sauce on top of the pasta.
A woman kneels outdoors on a concrete ground and rinses clothes out and washes them using a metal bucket for the rinsing and the ground as a washboard for the clothes.
A little girl walks up to the woman and pours more water in the woman’s metal bucket then walks away to stand next to a well where another woman is kneeling and washing clothes in the same way.
The first woman is shown again this time washing a large white sheet against the ground using the metal bucket again for the water supply.
A young male gymnast is is an arena standing on a mat preparing to do his routine.
The boy then approached the bars and does a series of swings and hand stand in the air.
While he's performing,he adds several flips and rolls into his performance before finally jumping off of the bars.
A man is inside a room in a house.
He is using a racquet to hit a tennis ball back and forth against a wall.
He continues hitting the ball until he is finished playing the game.
The boy is standing under the tree with blindfold thing to hit the pinata but missed it.
A man came up to him and assist him, the boy hit the pinata once.
The man rotate the little girl and then let walk a little and the girl hit the pinata.
A young man hit the pinata ad the kids are lined up to take their turns to hit the pinata.
A stick is being held from the ground.
A man uses the croquette bat to hit a ball, then places it back to the ground.
A woman wearing gloves is in front of a sink.
She sprays it down with a cleaning solution.
She then scrubs the sink until it is clean.
Two people are seen standing at the bottom of a snowy hill speaking to one another when a person comes riding down on a tube.
More people are seen flying down the mountain with one crashing into another and the person getting out to drag the tubes.
A man wearing no shirt plays a hand drum.
A solo man spins his body around on his hands and does cartwheels.
Two men do a practice karate routine and dodge kicks from the other opponent.
The men both do hand stands then come together and touch hands.
The man does jumping flips by himself.
The two men do jumping kicks while they spar in a karate dance.
The man stands on his hands and bends backwards to a horizontal position.
A large wave is shown followed by a person standing up on a surf board.
The person is shown surfing all along the water while the camera films from behind.
The man continues surfing and paddles himself towards a boat.
A young child is seen sitting next to a tub and bending over the side.
A person speaks to her on the side while she looks back to the camera.
She bends further into the sink then moves back to the camera to look.
Two women and a man are walking in the hallway looking at the carpets on display.
A red van driven by a man passed, then a man walked towards the house, then a man is crouching on the carpeted floor cutting a piece or brown carpet, iron the carpet, press the carpet with heavy metal.
Two men in basketball shorts are playing racketball.
They hit the ball back and forth against the wall.
The men continue to serve and then hit and return each other's serves.
They take a short break after one man scores.
They continue to play and serve.
A hand is pouring liquid into a martini glass and white words on the left of the screen appear and they say "Girls Mixing Drinks dot com" and "Keylime Pie with Lee".
A blonde woman appears at a bar and the website appears at random times while the woman is grabbing cups, alcohol and ice as she makes her drink in a martini glass.
The woman fills the martini glass with ice and water.
The woman then moves onto a large silver silver shaker and begins putting alcohol and other liquids in it, covers it with a small clear cup and begins shaking the contents.
When she's done shaking the liquids, she empties the ice and water from the martini cup, then fills it with the liquid from the shaker, puts a lime on the edge, pushes the martini glass forward and smiles.
The last screen appears with a red background and the website displayed in the middle.
A woman is washing her hands over a sink.
She rinses her hands off in the sink.
She grabs a paper towel and dries her hands.
A man is seen sitting on a piece of exercise equipment and begins moving himself back and fourth on the machine.
The man continues moving back an fourth while pulling his body back and ends by unhooking himself and moving his feet.
We see a man in BMX bike arena talking.
We see people bring bikes up a ramp.
We see people start when the gate opens.
We then see people riding bikes.
We see a man wipe dirt from his hair and turn off the camera.
A person is seen sitting in the water with a pair of skis attached to his feet.
The man then gets up on the skis and rides along the water behind a boat.
A man is seen skiing behind a boat.
He holds on tight as he is pulled through the water.
The man is water skiing until the end of the clip.
A man sets a timer on a table.
He then tries to solver a color block puzzle.
He finishes the puzzle in only slightly over 8 seconds.
Two women are arm wrestling on a table.
A woman in a referee uniform is standing behind them.
One of the girls walks away.
A field hockey game is being played.
As a team is trying to score,a player in a white shirt ducks as the puck flies over her head.
After the puck goes through the goalie,the young lady smiles as she goes over to the sideline and  is given a high five from her coach.
A person is seen performing a trick on a snowboard followed by more a woman speaking to the camera.
Several more clips are shown of people riding snowboards and performing tricks on a board.
More people are seen riding on a board and speaking to the camera.
Two people are seen fixing up a car and changing the tires on a vehicle.
Another man walks into frame as well as several others recording the incident.
A person climbs into the car and drives away with everyone watching.
People are dancing on the beach.
A woman is laying down on a red towel.
A man is laying on a green towel.
Two dogs are next to them on the beach.
A dog is sitting on an orange couch.
A dog is sitting in a bath tub getting a bath.
A person is drying the dog with a towel.
The dog is getting blow dried with a hair dryer.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while standing behind a set of weights and pointing to his body.
The man then bends down and grabs the bar while still speaking to the camera.
The man lifts the bar up then back down again while still speaking to the camera.
A man speaks holding a microphone, then the man performs arm wrestling with a person.
The man grabs a weigh and practice weight lifting with his left hand.
After, the man takes his watch off and performs arm wrestling with the person and wins, then he jumps happily.
A young preteen female is standing in the corner of a room talking.
The girl is then shown in a sparkly leotard inside of a gymnasium.
After,she hops on the balance beam and begins to do tricks before she flips off of the balance beam.
She then retreats back to the camera,says a few brief words and waves bye.
A girl is standing outside in the middle of the road doing tricks with a hula hoop,moving it around her hips and her arms.
While she is performing,a woman is sitting behind her with her bags on the ground.
When the girl is finished performing,she grabs a beanie,holds it up and then starts to ask for money from the crowd of people who was watching her.
A person is shown performing a dive off of a board while a couple people watch on the sidelines and clap.
The person performs several more tricks off of the high dive while more people watch on the sides.
A boy pulls a string of a home fitness machine while talking.
Then, the boy falls down the floor.
A series of words appear across the screen and they inform us that the men are attempting to row across the Atlantic.
A man is then shown outside on his patio rowing and words indicate that it has been two hours and 1600 calories burned.
After the man is shown again but this time he is exhausted and is forced to take a breath so he can breathe.
Now the man is standing up and is taking to the camera and holds up his hand to show the blisters he has on his hands.
Two people are seen doing various martial arts moves to one another while a crowd of people cheer and applaud.
The men continue kicking around one another and ends with them grabbing hands and smiling.
A BTRtv reporter visits a soul cycle studio and store, interviews a soul cycle instructor and takes a sample soul cycle class.
A reporter holding a microphone, stands outside of a soul cycle store speaking to the camera, and then enters the store and interviews a soul cycle instructor.
The reporter then changes clothes and takes a soul cycle class interspersed with video of instructor led soul cycle classes.
The reporter returns to interviewing the soul cycle instructor with a final shot of rows of clothing hanging in the soul cycle store.
A man and woman are seen performing a dancing routine on a floor with one another.
The man and woman are also seen in shots dancing by themselves and leads into them dancing together again.
A man is seen riding on a skateboard down a hill on his head.
More shots are shown of people performing tricks on skateboards around an area.
The people continue to perform tricks and ride around while other people watch on the side.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while showing a plate of food and pouring out ingredients onto a plate.
He continues to mix ingredients together onto a plate and ends with a close up of the dish and him speaking more.
The outside of a box containing a gun is shown.
A man is joined by two others in front of a display of guns.
They talk about the guns, then join a game of paintball outdoors, hiding behind obstacles as they shoot at each other.
A large group of people is standing and walking around several stacks of inner-tubes and a bus.
Two young children are sitting in one of the bus seats.
A group of adults is riding in the bus talking.
Several kids are in their inner-tubes in the water among other people floating on inner-tubes in the water.
Several people are shown in canoes with people in inner-tubes in the background.
A young girl sinks down in the middle of her inner-tube and jumps back up with her head soaked.
Someone shows a first person view floating down the river.
Various other people are shown in inner-tubes and canoes in the water.
A few people are seen buying food from two women at a a concession stand.
A man holds a young boy in a life vest who looks like he is sleeping.
A man is seen standing on stilts in a city square while other people around him roller blade.
The man takes off running down the block and then runs back to where he started.
A young boy is seen pulling a mop out of a bucket followed by him pushing the mop across the floor.
The camera pans to a woman in the distance and the boy continuing to push the mop along the floor.
A sky with the sun is peeking through the clouds.
A man is on a track in front of a crowd.
He runs, doing a long jump in slow motion.
He celebrates as he wins the medal.
A man is shown talking about him.
The credits appear at the end.
Two women are on a stand opposite one another at a table beginning to arm wrestle.
There is a brief hold up before they begin,because their thumb positing is inaccurate.
Once they finally begin,the girl on the left wins but she is quickly stopped and they have to restart and the same girl wins again.
A person is walking along a slack line.
They are moving back and forth on the slack line.
He turns around and starts walking in the other direction.
A woman is performing partial arts moves with a man on a stage.
A band plays instruments in the background.
The two spin, flip, and kick, taking turns.
A group of people holding skateboards stand on the start line, then people skateboard down the road.
They get in a school bus, then, they skateboard on the road.
A boy falls on the ground, and other people continue skateboarding.
Two, people fall on the road.
After, a man gives the start to people who skateboard on the road until reach the finish line to receive their trophies.
A person skateboard jumping on a ramp.
A person's hand washes a grey cat in a white tub of water.
A grey cat is sitting in a white tub of clear water, drenched in water.
A hand with a tattoo appears and wipes the cat's back with a red cloth.
The hand then wipes the cat's neck and the back of its head with the red cloth.
The hand, finally, lets the red cloth fall into the water as the hand holds itself up to the cat's nose.
A group of girls are outside underneath a tent.
A girl wipes off a yellow plate with a towel.
Three girls are washing dishes in large tubs.
A young girl is climbing across the monkey bars outside a building.
She is swinging from each rung, moving her body forward one at a time.
When she reaches the other end, she turns and starts making her way back to the beginning.
We are shown the overgrown yard.
A white truck is seen in a driveway.
We see the cameraman's shadow.
A person in blue is mowing the lawn.
A person People are using leaf blowers.
The camera pans to show the trees and the garden.
A man is holding two extremely dirty high heeled women's shoes.
He uses a ruler to scrape off the dried dirt.
He then uses a brush to polish up the suede material before spraying a white substance onto the shoe.
He scrapes it clean, then applies a new sole and spike to the heel.
He shows off the renovator can.
A man is outside on the roof of his shed with a leaf blower ready to clean the leaves off the roof.
He shows a close up of the leaf blower and explains the specifics of it, primes the machine, sets the camera down and starts it.
He picks up the camera and gets a close up of the leaf blower again.
He now  blows the leaves off of the roof of his shed.
A group of coaches, gymnasts and parents stand and sit around a gym while a few of the gymnasts perform or practice.
A young girl in purple does a balance beam routine.
A girl in the back ground does a floor routine.
When the floor routine ends the crowd all claps and several young gymnasts get up and walk around.
A woman hold up a sign that says 965.
The girl on the balance beam ends her routine and walks over and hugs a woman in purple.
Two teams play polo holding poles to kick a ball on front a crowd in a field.
People stand next to the scores boards.
Then, a player get up the stage to receives a trophy, after a woman kiss the winner and other players on stage, and all rise the trophy.
A few men are in the woods running playing paintball.
They are looking for the other to try to shoot them out, while staying close to their team mates.
One of the men checks his gun and readjust his it and then keeps moving forward.
He moves along to continue playing the game.
A girl stands in a bathroom talking to the camera as a man films her.
The lady wipes her eye makeup off and washes her face.
the lady rinses the soap off her face.
The lady stands upright and wipes her face with her hands while smiling.
A man in tuxedo and woman in party dress dance the tango in a ballroom surrounded by crowd in chairs during performance.
The crowd cheers at the end and claps hands.
a little girl is standing in a kitchen and starts squeeze a lemon into a water bowl, a person is standing by her side.
lttle girl suck her finger and smile while a woman walks throug kitchen and puts something in the counter.
little girl is standing in the kitchen with her mouth open and play with her hair.
the girl starts walking an sit in fronts of a counter with a bowl of fruits and talk to the camera, walks again in the kitchen and keep aqueezing lemons in the water bowl, woman starts helping her.
woman clean her hands in the sink and the girl walks in the kitchen and keep squeezing the lemons.
A camera zooms in on a person performing a routine on a large stage spinning a baton into the air.
The person continues the routine and ends with a split and the audience applauding.
A young man is seen looking into the camera holding a toothbrush.
The man then begins brushing his teeth in several shots.
He continues brushing his teeth and showing off his mouth in the end.
woman is standing in front of a screenboard.
man is cooking chopping carrots and sautee the vegetables in a fying pan and serving it in bowls abd out the dressing and cheese while pople behind him are watching him cook.
A few pictures of a high school field hockey team are shown.
Two teams of young girls are playing field hockey.
The goalie is shown falling to the ground while making a save.
The goalie makes another sliding save.
The goalie kicks the ball away from the net.
The game ends and the girls give high fives.
A band is gathered outside a building.
A leader is using a baton to instruct them.
They are playing the drums for a small audience.
A couple of lemons are seen sitting on a table with glasses and plates and leads into a person putting the lemons in a container.
He mixes ingredients with the lemons and shakes them up in another glass.
He finishes the lemonade and presents it to the camera while also taking a sip.
A forested area is seen and young men walk up the street.
Groups of skateboarders race each other down a forested road and are pulled by trolley cars back to the top.
Skateboarders ride down a forested street one after the other doing skids and hard turns as friends watch along the side.
A man in shorts is in a gym.
He is jumping rope in there.
He speeds up his jumping.
He is doing it in front of a mirror.
A montage of canoe sprinting is shown.
The winners celebrate and both men's and women's are shown.
A woman standing at a counter speaking about making chocolate chip cookies.
She combines and mixes the ingredients with a hand mixer.
She then places flour into a bowl after she measures it along with baking soda.
She adds it to the cookies dough and mixes it by hand then adds in the chocolate chips.
She then measures out dough that is on a baking sheet for cooking.
Placed in the oven and after they cool you have cookies.
The Awesomeness TV Network Logo Animation plays.
A man is flipping and tumbling across a mat.
The same man flips across the mat again, this time not wearing a shirt.
The man is talking to the camera.
A woman with a blue bow in hair walks across the screen behind the man and begins talking to another woman who exits the screen.
The shirtless man is shown flipping and tumbling across the screen again, this time he does not land his final flip and he falls onto his side.
He then starts walking towards a man on the side of the mat.
The bystander points to his head and the gymnast also does the same to his own head.
The gymnast is talking to the camera again explaining what happened during that routine.
A small video pops up in the lower right replaying the moment he falls.
He starts flipping across the mat again.
The man is standing next to a couple of other guys, he jumps up in the air and does some kicks.
Now he is doing back flips across the mat.
He goes from a forward flip to back-flipping.
Now he is standing on the side line getting ready to do flips.
He is doing some more flips and landing on the red mat.
Now he is flipping again and reverses and starts flipping the other way.
This time he is wearing a yellow shirt and starts by doing a kick, then starts flipping backwards.
Now he is walking across the mat slowly.
A gold ornament is shown hanging from a christmas tree.
Two women are on the floor, wrapping presents.
They cut the paper and tape it around boxes before adding bows.
We then see the completed tree, adorned with a ring of wrapped presents at the base.
A man rolls out a sheet of wallpaper from a tube, then a large photo.
He applies the sheet and photos to the wall, creating a real life photography mural.
He wipes the images onto the wall cleanly.
The credits of the clip are shown.
A lady performance on stage with a dog(s) .
The dog fetches plates that the lady tosses.
A second dog joins the act on stage.
The dogs fetch plates together.
A dog continuously jumps over another dog and into the lady's hand.
A dog jumps through hula hoops.
A dog jumps from the stage onto the lady's back.
A dog bites on a red plate and does not let go.
A dog jumps on a lady's elevated soles.
The performers take a bow and with the dog exit the stage.
The stage curtains are drawn.
The credits of the video are shown.
Several athletes compete for the javelin world championships.
The Russia Dimitri is 3rd bronze medal in the competition.
the Japanese Jenki is silver medal.
Till from Germany won the gold medal.
A woman walks into a garage with a rolled up paper in her hand.
Once she leaves,a black cat is shown and it begins to crawl over everything and then the lady comes and pets it.
The female leaves and walks into a room and starts covering the room in wall paper.
She forgets the scissors and walks out to grab them and comes back to apply more paper on the wall.
A break is needed and the woman get a drink from the kitchen.
Shortly after,the lady continues her tasks and then walks outside to take her cat out.
The wall still isn't finished and she goes back to the room to finish it rolling the outside of it to ensure its smoothness.
As she finishes,the cat comes in the room and starts playing with a ball before returning back outside.
The women reappears in another set of clothes to finish the wall,she finally finishes and begins to throw her hands up and collapses on the bed.
Screens begin to appear with white words on them describing events that are about to take place.
A still image is then shown before a guy attempts to do several pole vault jumps.
Another black screen appears and a different person tries to do the jump but he too hits the pole.
Once he is done, a different man attempts to do it but he isn't successful either.
A person is welding a metal outside.
The person stops welding the metal on the floor.
The person moves the welding tool behind.
A camera pans over a weight room and shows various people working on a machines.
One man is seen running on an elliptical while another using a rowing machine in the back.
Two young males are sitting at a desk behind two microphones and two computers.
One boy leaves and the other guys stays to gather his belongings.
As he is packing up,a young woman walks in and begins shutting off the equipment and cleaning up around the radio station.
Once everything is packed up,the boy leaves and begins blowing kisses to the camera.
A person is playing bagpipes out in a park.
A man and two boys watching from a far.
The camera shoots areas all around the park while the bagpipes play.
Two men are holding a flute while one blows and the other moves his hands.
An orchestra shows behind the men while they continue playing on the same instrument.
The men continue playing until the song is finished and take a bow as the band claps.
A person;s hand is seen turning a knob followed by their foot stepping on a button and a man holding up an iron.
He adjusts more settings While testing the iron and begins ironing a shirt on a table.
The men continues to flip around the shirt and iron and en by showing off the ironing machine to the camera.
Two girls walk up to a pool, ready to dive.
One of them raises her arms into the air, then dives into the water before surfacing.
A man in a chefs outfit is standing in a kitchen.
He flips something that is in a pan.
He uses a spoon to stir what is in the pan.
We see a swiftly-moving, white water stream.
A man in blue rafting equipment and a helmet is watching from a bed of rocks.
We notice a man in a kayak and a yellow helmet coming in from the left.
As he approaches, his kayak flips upside-down.
As the view follows him, we notice another man seated on the rocks to the right in red with a white helmet.
A man and woman are talking in a room.
A person is riding a bike down the street.
Someone falls over after riding a bike.
The man and woman are talking in a room.
A bike is leaning against a fence.
A man puts a lock around the tire of his bike.
A man spreads a white sheet onto a wall.
He then presses a sheet with a photo printed onto it onto the white background.
When he is finished, there is a photo of a yellow motorbike parked against a brick wall on a living room wall.
We see a man talking to a camera.
We see shots of men and  a crowd of people.
The men play rock paper scissors.
A lady in the crowd jumps up and down.
We see the man high five each other.
We see a lady in front a person in costume.
The man in red raises his hands in triumph.
Ladies bring a big check to the man in red.
There is a woman whose wearing nothing but shorts and a tshirt.
She is shown sitting on a rock while washing the little bit of clothes she has in the river.
The young female players are running around the court throwing ball to on each other.
Some of the players are avoiding the ball, so they continue to run around.
The female players walked as they kicked the ball from one side to the next.
The players kicked the ball to the next person on the opposite side of the court.
A woman is sitting on a hospital bed with a razor handle in her mouth and people around her are moving her hair out of her face.
The woman then starts to pull the razor up and down the part of her left leg that she can reach with her bend.
The woman then grabs the razor from her mouth with her right hand and starts shaving her left leg.
The woman puts the razor handle back in her mouth and tries to shave again but it falls out of her mouth and she drops her head in frustration then leans back on the bed, laughs, and then crosses her arms.
A news man is talking in front of an image of a bulldog puppy.
Doors open to a store, with various images of people working on different projects.
A man shows how he received prostetic legs for the dog.
The dog is shown with his new legs as they heal.
In the final scene, the dog is walking along with a leashed pet pig.
First the woman is shown tracing her finger down her neck.
Then she moves a part of her hair out of her way and starts to braid a part of her hair.
Then she braids another braid that is smaller than the first one, but she connects the hair, by using a couple of strands from the last braid.
A man is seen standing around a neighborhood on a pair of stilts.
The man walks up the street and turns towards the back.
He then begins jumping down the road and looking back to the camera.
A man is talking about what is going on in the TV behind him as a news story.
A group of people are in the field playing a game running all around.
Many of the players are able to have a chance to speak about the team and stuff.
They show the practice and the players and then they go back to the news anchors who continue to talk a little bit more about it.
A close up of a canoe is shown followed by a man pushing the canoe along in various areas.
His paddling is slowed down to demonstrate how to properly paddle while more shots of the man paddling in fast motion are shown.
The ending shows a beautiful picture of a sun set.
A large pool is seen followed by a person walking in and falling off a board.
Another person is seen walking off a diving board and jumping into the water.
Several more clips are shown of people attempting to dive in the water but failing.
Two boys in karate pants wrestle one another in the background.
The group forms a circle and two of the boys begin to spar in a martial arts practice.
the boy in pink top does a spinning kick.
People are roller blading down sets of stairs.
A person falls into the street.
A school bus is on the street behind them.
A man is seen leaning onto a fence and continuously bending down to dip paint into a bucket.
The woman brushes the fence continuously in front of her while the camera captures her from behind.
A man walks onto a diving board.
He jumps on the diving board several times and jumps into a pool.
The man surfaces and stands up in the pool.
Two women are seen speaking to the camera with one holding a cat in her lap.
The woman then proceeds to hold the cat's claws and cut the nails while pointing to the cat and looking to the camera.
We see a man water skiing.
We see the water spraying on the left.
The man jumps over to the right.
The man is bending down on the surfboard.
The man performs a flip.
A man is playing the hand drums in a living room.
The man throws his head back.
We zoom in on the man's hands.
We zoom out and see the whole man.
He finishes playing and takes a bow.
A lady stands with a pot and shows an area of a wall.
The wall is cleaned with a wet towel using the solution in the pot.
The lady points to an area of the wall that is discolored.
A male athlete puts powder on his hands.
He mounts a high beam in the gym.
He spins and flips several times before dismounting.
There are a few teenage boys skateboarding on a quiet streets in a neighborhood.
They are going down the street, trying some stunts on the skateboard.
There are a some leaves fallen on the curb.
One of the boys bends down and skates in a seated position.
The boys continue skateboarding through the streets, going past houses in the residential area.
A man is seen walking closer to a pinata while a large group of people stand around him.
The man misses the pinata and hits a person behind him, shown again in slow motion.
We see a boy using jumpstilts on a residential street.
The man stops jumping the first time.
We see a person come outside then go inside.
The jumping man faces and walks towards the camera.
A person is seen pushing a lawn mower all across the yard.
The person pushes the mower along the edge of the grass and throughout the rest of the grass.
The man then grabs a weed wacker and cuts the weeds along the edge.
People are standing in a line holding swords.
A man in a white jacket is talking into a microphone.
Another older gentlemen is talking into a microphone.
A man is seen standing on a roof pushing pieces of debris up with a stick.
The man continues pushing the debris off the roof while digging deeper and deeper into the mess.
We see an opening title screen.
We see a man walking a tightrope high above a mountain range.
We see a picture in picture in the upper left corner.
We see the man holding a selfie stick.
The man reaches the other side and turns around.
the ending title screen loads.
The man in dark blue shirt is kneeling with one knee.
The man is dribbling the blue ball.
The man is dribbling the ball on his side.
Several dogs walk down a street.
They are on leashes held by their owners.
The stream of them is endless.
A woman holds her dog.
A large group of people are seen standing around a ballet room and leads into four performing a dance.
The four continuously move together while holding hands and doing the same moves.
The girls laugh together and continue dancing and ending by holding a pose.
People in stands watch as two bulls walk around in a bullfighting ring, other people walk around in the ring taking pictures.
The bulls lock horns, and are aggressive toward one another.
One bull walks away from the other one, and then quickly turns to reengage in the fight.
The bulls circle one another.
The bulls  begin to fight.
An aerial view of a field and animals is shown.
People mill around a dartboard and then start doing lumberjack things with logs.
A boat is prepared and the group starts water skiing, wakeboarding, and the like.
At the end, people relax on the boat.
A man is talking in his kitchen.
He shows how to mix a sauce into pasta, and season it.
He then shows how to plate and serve the food.
A girl in a sparkling outfit marches onto the court followed by other girls.
They are holding batons as they march.
They then walk away, off the court.
A kayak rider paddles against the current and maneuvers back and forth with his hips and paddle.
The kayak rider dips into the water and recovers.
A belly dancer dressed in red and black is demonstrating how to hip circles and shimmy.
She is standing with her feet hip width apart.
Then she shows how to do the foot work as she moves her hips in circles.
She simultaneously moves her hips and as she moves sideways.
Then she extends her hands and up on one side as she continues to move along sideways.
She repeats the steps going back and forth as she twirls her hips.
A man is kneeling down on the ground.
He is pulling on a cord that is attached to the wall.
He continues pulling on the cord and working out.
Two boys and two girls compete beer pong while other persons watch.
Almost all the balls throw by the boys land in the cups, only one ball is missed.
The girls talk each other while looking the boys.
We see an opening scene with an image.
We then see a lake with ducks and rocks.
People are paddling in the lake in a canoe.
We see a bridge and the people pass under the bridge.
We see tall grass blowing in the breeze as the boaters ride past.
The boaters arrives at the shore.
We then see the closing title screen.
A group of people are riding horses and playing polo.
They fight over the ball in front of the watching crowd.
When it's over, they pose for pictures outside the rodeo and stadium.
A person is solving a cube puzzle spinning the pieces to match the colors.
When, the person match all the color, points the table and puts the cube puzzle on it.
Four men in the studio are playing different instrument.
The man with big guitar is singing while playing his guitar.
The man playing harmonica stopped playing and looked at the man singing, then he continue to play his harmonica.
Two men behind the four men are playing instruments.
The man with guitar pull out a white cloth and wave it.
A white screen appears and special affects reveal the words "Howcast original".
A man is talking while various clips of people rollerblading play and a screen pops up indicating that he's giving tips on "Rollerblading Basics: How to Control Speed on Rollerblades", and he picks up a pair of rollerblades and points to the wheels, then more clips of him rollerblading and showing examples plays.
The outro appears and it's the white screen in the intro that include the words "Howcast original".
There's a man in a black shirt representing Pev's Paintball talking about the recreational game.
He is holding a paintball gun in his hand as he talks about how the sport is played.
A man dressed in a camouflage print outfit is hiding and running with a paintball gun.
The Pev representative is explaining the features of the paintball gun and how to use if effectively.
A group of fencers pose with an instructor.
The fencers are shown inside a gym, practicing.
They jab and do various moves with each other during the match.
A man is standing outside holding a chainsaw.
He starts cutting down a tree next to him.
He stands next to the tree talking.
A person is shown in fast motion spraying liquid all over a fence in a back yard.
The person continues spraying and ends with the camera fading to black.
A young woman is seen standing in a room and leads into her dancing.
The girl dances around the room while the camera captures her movements.
She continues dancing around the room and ends by laying on the floor.
A tubing advertisement is on the screen.
Tubers are going down the river.
West Virginia advertisement is on the screen.
A tuber goes under a plank with a dog on it.
The camera is pointed towards the sky and trees.
One tuber runs into branches, one stands up and falls over.
the cameraman turns circles in his tube then has a snack.
One guy gets his head tangled in branches.
The video ends with advertisements.
A man in glasses speaks to the camera.
He demonstrates a key around his neck and points to his trumpet.
He attaches the key to the trumpet and continues to speak and demonstrate important features of the trumpet.
A group of people stand behind a master yogi.
He instructs them on position before leading them in yoga.
They perform several moves, slowly and gracefully.
A group of people are sitting on camels in the sand beside a hill.
A man reaches for the chain on the camels mouth as the camel sits.
The man in light blue assists the man in dark blue to untie.
The second camel holding the next couple starts to sit on the ground.
We see a set of drums and a man standing behind the drums talking and holding a drink.
the man drinks from the drink and puts it down.
the man plays the drums with his hands.
The man stops and talks before playing the drums again.
The man stands on the drums and dances.
We see two men sitting and the first man is clapping his hands.
We see the man playing the maracas as a lady dances nearby the man stops and the lady turns away.
A person dives off a board into a pool.
They come up from under the water.
A close up is shown of a very dirty floor being cleaned with a large vacuum.
Words on the screen explain the strength of the vacuum as the person continues.
The floor is being cleaned at walking speed.
The man continues to demonstrate the usage until an ad for the company appears at the end.
Two men are fighting with bows and arrows in a room.
A man jumps off a stack of mats.
Another man does a flip off the wall.
Various shots are shown of snowy mountains that transition in between shots of people skiing and snowboarding down the mountain.
The people are seen performing various flips and tricks down the mountain while the camera captures them from many angles as well as the mountain.
The front of a yellow kayak is seen as the boat floats through turbulent white waters of a river.
It passes a rock and numerous trees before slowing down.
Two young boys perform martial arts dances.
A group of boys around them watches on.
Behind the performs sits a group of men playing music for the performance.
The performers return to their seats.
A window cleaning commercial demonstrates all the materials and techniques need to clean a house window.
The commercial begins with a closeup up a two story house and the interior of the house including a line of large windows.
Images of a person cleaning a window, soap, a bucket and sponge are showed along with a chalkboard with ingredients needed to clean a window.
A person cleans a window using all of the tools, including removing screens to clean them and removing stickers on windows.
A man is outside of a building.
He is using commercial lawn mowing equipment.
He walks back and forth as he mows the grass.
A group of four young girls are standing beside each other in the bathroom and they chug something.
They are swishing it in their mouths and almost all of them have their hands over their mouths.
One of them spits it out in the sink and the other three are trying to carry on.
They are having a really hard time and eventually they all spit out and one girl wins.
A baby in a hat is sitting on a chair.
A man is holding the baby playing with a ball.
A baby is sleeping on a couch.
A girl in a bra is standing in her bathroom and brushing her hair.
She does this for a while and continues to fix it.
She then brushes it some more as it is very long.
She turns around to get the back of it.
A man is lifting very heavy weight above his head and dropping it .
He does this multiple time for repetition, this is a workout routine.
He then walks away taking a break for a little bit and walks by people sitting and chatting.
Once he is done with his break he continues back to his routine.
A man turns on a camera.
A man in a black shirt is squatting on a couch and smoking hookah.
The man attempts to blow smoke rings.
The man blows smoke directly at the camera.
The man again proceeds to blow smoke directly at the camera.
The man reaches to turn the camera off.
A woman is seen riding on a piece of exercise equipment followed by several shots of her adjusting the equipment and moving it around.
More shots are shown of her riding the equipment and changing the settings on the front.
The front of a building called Giant is seen.
Technicians are shown inside, working on bicycles.
They work in teams, trying to build and repair.
We see a man standing in front of a workbench in a workshop and talking.
The man shows a piece of wood and a sander.
The man wipes a substance from a jug on the wood and the sander and sands the wood.
The man shows us the finished product.
We see a wolf fall in the title screen.
We see the landscape of a small town.
A boy rides down a street on a skateboard.
Four boys on skateboards ride past.
We see a boy almost fall two times.
We See the board on the curb.
A group of boys walking up a hill.
The end credits play and we see a boy on a bus.
A young man is seen standing in the middle of a large field holding instruments and standing in front of others.
The man then begins playing the instruments one by one.
Several kids then walk into frame using hula hoops while the man joins in still singing and clapping his hands.
We see a girl preparing to dive in an indoor pool.
The girl jumps and stands looking scared of the height.
The girl turns and dives into the water.
The girl surfaces and swims to the edge of the pool.
A seated man cleans a shoe in a classroom setting with other individuals.
The man turns to the camera and smiles.
The man laughs as he holds the shoe downwards.
A man is shown in a bathroom choosing a toothbrush.
He then brushes his teeth and sees blood.
He uses listerine mouth wash for thirty seconds to kill the germs.
A man is seen holding a glass while speaking to the camera when another man walks in and begins painting the wall.
The man continues to paint up and down the wall while the camera captures him and the other man walks away.
A woman and a little a boy are swinging on a tire swing.
A person pushing a stroller is behind them.
The boy turns away from the camera.
Men are swimming more or less in sync with the volleyballs.
They stop and get a in a circle in the pool and start throwing the ball between each other.
After that they start to swim and throw for a little bit.
After, they put it all together and every one joins in to play.
A large group of people are seen standing in a large field holding instruments.
One man leads in front as the group walks away and begins playing as a band.
The group continues playing together and ends by walking away.
A man is seen kneeling of a roof while holding a piece of wood.
He begins hammering down the piece of wood while the camera pans around.
He continues hammering around and looks back at the camera.
Two woman are outdoors outside of a building and are playing hopscotch on cemented ground.
There is white text on the screen.
The younger woman in shorts jumps on the squares and an older woman wearing a dress also jumps on the squares.
The young girl falls over.
The older woman walks and celebrates raising her arms.
The two look at the camera and give a thumbs up.
man is sitting in a music store playing an acoustic guitar and talking to the camera showing the ibanez guitar.
man starts playing the guitar showing how the guitar sounds connected to an amplifier.
A gymnast is doing flips and handsprings on a high bar.
She goes forward and backward several times.
The screen stops as she goes to the top of the beam.
We see a lady starting a lawn mower.
The lady stops and looks at the camera.
The lady starts then stops mowing.
The lady tries to start the mower again.
Another lady comes to help and falls over.
The first lady finally gets the mowers started.
the lady throws her arm in the air and mows the lawn.
A camera pans around a snowy area and transitions into several people in tubes down a hill.
The people laugh while riding down the hill when one person falls off and the camera pans around the people.
The camera shows one more shot of the people all riding down the long hill together.
A woman is seen smiling and speaking to the camera.
Another man is seen sitting behind her with another man in front.
The woman continues speaking while the man in front cleans the other's shoes.
There's a girl with light eyes and dark brown hair talking about a colored eye lenses.
She is doing a tutorial on how to wear colored lenses in your eyes.
She opens a small glass bottle that contains the colored lenses.
She removes the lens out and places it on her finger.
Then she gently wears the lens in her right eye first and then in her left eye.
She shows the yellow colored lens that she has worn.
A man performs high jump with a pole, he jumps over three horizontal lines that touches two of them.
The man attempts to jumps higher than while jumping with the pole.
Again, the man attempt to jump higher but he makes fall the horizontal line.
A stadium is seen from above with a large audience.
Gymnasts compete in an event and do stationary platform routine with hand grips.
The medalists of the competition receive their awards and stand together waving.
Athletes give interviews after the competition.
A young child is seen mopping a floor with a mop and moving around all areas of the room.
He stops to play with the mop a bit and pushes a box back under a stand.
We see an instructor leading an aerobics class.
The people do a popping waist dance.
The people go back and forth.
A man walks past the door.
A man in blue enters the room.
The people lift their legs high.
The instructor finishes and walks back and forth.
A lady bents over slightly in an outdoor court.
The lady rises and turns.
The lady release her hand from her neck.
A woman dressed in gym clothes is doing a tutorial on spinning in a gym.
She is demonstrating the dumbbells that she will be using.
She then demonstrates the exercise bike and continues to bike along with some other women at the gym.
She explains how to do some rigorous exercise on the bike.
there are several other women who are also biking on the exercise bike with her.
A man in a red life vest demonstrates how to paddle in a canoe through gestures and through talking to the camera from a canoe in a body of water.
A man in a red canoe is paddling with one oar in a small body of water while talking to the camera.
The man drifts to the side slightly while talking using the paddle as an anchor in the water and seemingly demonstrating how to paddle using the paddle and hand gestures to explain how to move the paddle and canoe in the water.
The man then pushes away from the camera with the paddle and drifts out into the water before paddling back to the camera again.
A man is shown holding a long trimmer.
He uses the trimmer to weedeat the bushes.
Leaves fall to the ground in droves as he trims.
A man in black shirt is stalking in front of the camera, then the calendar and then drawing is shown.
The blonde man is talking in front of the camera, while behind him is an empty ramp, then the man skateboard in a wooden ramp, then is is showing how to skateboard, then he skateboard and did tricks on a wooden ramp, then he continue to talk, and then skateboard again.
The credits of the video are shown.
A man stands with a bow and arrow.
A man shots an arrow from bow.
The credit of the clip is shown.
A guy talks with his mouth and hand.
An extended hand holding a pen is shown on a split screen.
Several arrows hit the target.
An arrow goes through the hole of a donut.
An arrow cuts the string holding an apple.
An arrow goes through the hole of a CD.
Credit of the clip is presented.
A guy talks while gesturing.
Credits of the video are shown.
A man is talking in front of a net in a yard.
Two boys are seen hitting a ball into the net.
Then we see a game on a field with men hitting balls with nets into the goal.
A man is on a snowboard on a snowy hill.
He glides over the thickly packed snow.
He goes through a marker, and jumps over obstacles.
A woman in a black top and shorts wears boxing gloves.
She spares with a man  in black.
She kicks and hits at him.
She does several different exercises.
We see a black title screen.
We see are driving down the street then we see the man in the car.
The man gets out and grabs flat tire supplies.
The man sits in the car and thinks about how to change a tire.
The guy loosens bolts, jacks the car up and takes off the flat.
The guy then puts the spare tire on the car.
We see the bolts up close in a line.
The man puts the spare tire in the car and gets in the car.
He makes a call and turns on the radio.
The man makes a u-turn and leaves.
We see the ending title.
A man is seen speaking to the camera followed by him talking to random women on the beach.
They play a game together and when he wins the girl gives him a kiss.
When they lose the girl smacks him.
Several girls laugh and play along while getting a kiss or slapping the man.
A news station ad appears on the screen.
We see two reporters outdoors, talking with members of a running team.
They are preparing for a race, one of which is pregnant.
The crowd is shown walking to where the race will begin.
A young lady roller skate on the road in the forest.
Then she arrives pass on front of an abandoned car.
A man is seen speaking to the camera in front of a large trailer in he moods.
The man is then seen kneeling over a fire and begins lighting a flame into a pit.
A boy is seen walking around with a tennis racket and points to the ground while the man is still sitting in front of the fire.
A man dressed inn a black shirt and camouflage print shorts is demonstrating how to fix the rubber tires on a car wheel rim.
He shows all the tools that are required to do the process.
He takes the rubber tire and sprays it with a liquid.
Then he fits the inner rim of the wheel into the tire.
He uses a mallet to secure it in tightly.
He then uses a tool to tighten the various screws that run across the entire diameter of the inner circle of the tire.
Then he uses a torque wrench to tighten the screws further.
He fills in air and checks the tire pressure.
A group of people are wearing snorkeling gear in the edge of the ocean water.
They are then seen under the water, exploring and looking at fish.
They reach out to touch the fish as they swim by.
Two cheerleaders exercise in a gym while talking.
A cheerleader is in a room and then lift weight, while the other one talks on his phone.
After, the cheerleaders talk and exercise.
After, the cheerleaders exercise and also talk.
Text appears on the screen briefly.
Two people stand in front of a cake and they talk.
Text appears on the screen as they talk.
A woman mixes ingredients into a pot on the stove.
A man pours in rum into the pot and stirs it.
They poke holes in the cake with knives and pour the mixture on it.
They stand in front of the cake again and talk.
They eat the cake as they talk.
There's a woman long black hair looking in a mirror and brushing her hair.
There's another woman with blond hair that makes a face looking angry and disgusted.
A woman is holding a microphone standing outside a room.
People are playing wall ball in the room.
The woman is holding a piece of paper.
We see the intro and intro scenes.
A man stands in a garage with two shovels.
We then see his shoveling supplies.
The man stretches and puts on his winter clothes.
He sprays his shovel with nonstick spray and shovels his driveway.
