The woman begins dancing and goes in a circle a few times while the man watches.
The woman continues discussing the routine then holds hands with her partner and they begin dancing together.
Two kids are seen holding poles with another man and playing a game of shuffle board on a mat.
The kids push the puck around back and fourth while walking around one another and ends with a woman stepping into frame and a close up of the young boy.
people are in a small room dancing doing a choreography.
the man stops dancing and keep doing the choreography.
man wearing red shorts and grey shirt leading the choreography in front of the people in the room.
A woman dressed in all black with a visor and sunglasses is talking holding a paddle.
Once she is done talking,she begins kayaking with her white dog between her legs.
Now the woman is out of the water and begins doing arm exercises with the paddle behind her head lifting it up and down.
She then adds the legs and begins doing lunges in the grass before she continues to do curls with her hands.
The lady has now moved to a patio an is laying down flat on her back doing leg exercises.
A man's face is moving back and forth.
The man is shining a shoe.
Several clips are shown of various people fencing with one another.
The people continue moving back and fourth while the camera zooms in on the people playing.
A woman is seen performing a belly dancing routine on a large stage with other people watching on the sides.
The woman continues dancing and spinning around the stage and ends with her posing and walking off.
A light blue screen appears and it has multiple blue words that are not in English and they're scrolling from bottom to top.
The direction of the scrolling letters change from bottom to top and now they're in the middle.
A man wearing a white button up short sleeved shirt and black long pants is standing on green grass that's near water, with a large bush behind him and he's doing very slow coordinated movements.
teams are playing fusal in a small court running side to side of the court.
a lot of people are celebrating the vicory and hugging.
There are two players wearing a red and white shirt and the other wearing black and white shirt, playing racket ball in an indoor court with a few spectators.
The player in red hits the ball with a front hand swing and his opponent leaps forward to return the ball.
The player in red continues to swing his racket in a front hand as he never fails to miss a single shot.
The player in black misses one shot, but he immediately grabs the ball and they continue to play again.
Both the players continue on a great rally without missing a shot.
The player in red runs swiftly across the court to hit the ball back.
Then they play five rounds continuously using back hand swings until the player in black misses a shot.
Then they begin their final round where the player in black and white ends the final shot.
They end the game by shaking hands and walk out of the court.
Young men an a car talk and play around before arriving at the ski slope.
We see men snowboarding over obstacles and ramps on the ski slope.
A man jumps a ramp and falls to the ground.
We see the boys standing in the parking lot and are shown their names.
The last boy removes his helmet, shakes his hair and smiles at the camera.
We then see the ending credits.
A man completes a large set of push-ups and then introduces the concepts of dodgeball.
A graphic is shown of the court.
The two teams line up to play against one another.
The concepts of ruling people out and blocking the ball are introduced.
The teams congratulate each other, showing sportsmanship.
More rules are shown on the screen, highlighting player safety.
A camera pans up to a person standing in a kitchen and then dancing on the floor.
The man continues to dance around while looking to the camera and singing.
A group of men are outside standing in a circle hitting sticks as two males begin fighting.
Next,two more men begin dancing around the circle making fighting movements.
After,the men come into the circle in pairs and begin to dance around each other as if they are fighting each other.
A man stands in front of a wall filled with hair  products.
Various scissors and combs are laid out on a mat.
The salon stylist towels off then rubs hair products through the man's hair with his hands.
The stylist combs out the persons hair and cuts it with scissors.
The stylist trims the sideburns and around the ears.
The stylist uses his hands to style the hair and blow drys it when finished cutting for the person to see.
A woman is shown holding a cat while a dog stands by her feet.
She talks to the camera and shows off her cat nails.
She grabs a tool and begins cutting the cat's claws.
She adjusts the cat a bit but finishes her nails and lets her go.
A small group of people are seen standing in a room with a woman standing in front.
The woman then begins dancing around with the women while following her around.
The women switch places with men and then begin following the woman dancing around.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera while shots of homes are shown.
People are then seen grooming dogs and holding up awards.
The woman continues speaking to the camera while the dogs continue to be groomed behind her.
A large man is seen sitting in the middle of a circle looking away from the camera.
The man then spins himself around with a discuss in his hands.
Finally he throws the object off into the distance.
woman is standing in a field playing bagpipes.
woman is standing in the middle of a parking lot playing bag pipes.
a blue house is behind the woman that is playing bagpipes.
A skier holds a ski stick in his left hand and a pole in his right hand.
Then, the man ski down the hill covered with snow.
The man stops in middle of the hill.
Then, the man continues skiing until arrives to a city.
A close up pair of shoes is shown followed by various text instructions and tools laid out.
A person is then seen rubbing down the show with a rag using several ingredients and zooming in on the clean pair of shoes.
A little girl sits on front a cup of ice cream, then she takes a piece of food from the cup and eats it.
Then, the girl grab the spoon and eats the ice cream.
A hand takes nuts from the ice cram.
Several men are pictured outside in their kayaking uniforms ready to start rafting.
Several people begin rafting and they are shown in bars and on buses.
As they continue rafting,a clear bucket with a black circle with several lines is shown on each raft and the people walk by putting out cigarettes on it.
More people began kayaking and end up flipping the rafts over until a man comes and starts to talk.
The two people take shots with their pucks down the board.
The person changes the score on the board posted on a pole.
A player walks down the board to retrieve the pucks.
Two people play a leisurely game of shuffle board on an outdoor court.
A person with long hair shows a rubik's cube.
The person begins to solve it .
They toss it up and it is magically solved.
An athletic man is seen standing ready and runs down a long track into a sand pit.
The man walks away while looking into the audience followed by another man running into the pit.
Several more men take turns running down with their run showed again afterwards.
Two kids are playing in the back of a truck.
People are standing around a yellow ice cream truck.
Two kids are sitting down on a sidewalk eating ice cream.
A man and a woman dressed in black and red stand in the middle of a room surrounded by a very large amount of people sitting and watching them.
They dance and dance  working very well together.
They twist and turn and even do all kinds of nice moves together.
The man bends down and swings the female across his back where she flips over and ends the dance.
We see the white opening screen.
A man in jump stilts throws a bag over his shoulder and leaves a bank.
The man in jump stilts runs from the cops on a city street.
The man pushes through a market.
The man jumps over a stroller being pushed by a lady.
The man jumps over a truck and over a fence losing the cops.
The man runs through a skate park down a city street and up stairs.
The man opens the bag and counts his cash.
We see a closing title screen.
A group of people are seen standing on a sandy field with one throwing a soccer ball to another.
The other person scores a goal and other players jump on him and congratulate him.
The same goal is shown several more times from different angles.
Various people are shown in the beginning in a large gymnasium performing several slips and tricks on a trampoline one at a time.
The people continue jumping and flipping around the gym with one ending in a large pit in the end.
band is in stage and the front man is singing.
woman is playing drums wearing a black cap.
A man introduces the topic of the video, which is how to do a smash shot in Badminton.
He slowly demonstrates the necessary approach and form of the shot.
We then see a player perform the shot multiple times as another person sets him up.
An excited man is seen talking to the camera and transitions into several shots of men winning games, beer, and being interviewed by the host.
The men are then seen playing a game of beer pong with several others around and showing off a shaved head.
A man is seen talking on a phone and more shots of the men playing beer pong are shown.
A group of ballet of dancers compete with a group of hip hop dancers.
A boy dance hip hop, spins and make a flip.
After, the boy climbs on a column to make a flip backward and stand on his hands, then a ballet dancer is raised by her friends.
Then, a boy runs and break a door to enter to the other side where a girl is surprised.
A small group of people are seen standing before a fooseball table grabbing onto poles.
The men play against one another while taking breaks to get a drink and speak with team mates.
The people shake hands with one another and hug friends and family.
An old man talks next a sailboat in the shore, then the man carry the sailboat to the ocean.
The old man sails the boat sitting on the border of the boat and pulling a handle.
Then, the old man sits for awhile, and then continues sailing and stops when he talks.
After, the old man stops and the boat turn over, then he pulls the boat to the shore.
After, the old man continues sailing in the ocean.
The camera zooms in to show the car's front right wheel.
The camera zooms out to show the man spraying the car with soap.
The camera zooms in again to show the soap running down the back of the car, then the camera moves to show the left side of the car.
Then two men spray water on the car to wash the soap off.
man in in front of a car with the hood open.
man walks through the woods and ty to light a woodfire.
A young girl is seen putting makeup on outside while other people on the side watch and also play with makeup.
The girls continue to attempt to put makeup on as the camera pans back and fourth between the two.
A group of men are seen crowded around a table where more men are sitting and speaking.
Eventually two men chug a beer followed down a line of more men drinking their beer.
The men finish their beers and laugh and applaud one another while many watch on the sides.
A person is seen laying on a long wire and walks his way all the way to end.
He attempts to flip across the string again but fails and hurts himself.
Several more men are seen watching from the sides when one slides across again.
Another man is seen doing a flip on a rock and more shots people walking and jumping onto the string are shown.
A group of people is gathered in a circle.
Two men are in the circle demonstrating a martial art.
Several men in the circle play an instrument.
A small dog is seen wearing an outfit and walking on two legs while people stand around him and watch.
The dog continues walking around and looking around as people watch.
Several children sit along a pool.
They are all wearing flippers.
A girl is underwater wearing scuba gear.
Several children practice wearing scuba gear.
A man is in a forest, and his feet are shown with and without shoes.
He mounts a tightrope and balances on it.
He uses the tightrope to walk, showing the proper positions to maintain balance.
A camera pans around grass and leads to a fence.
The camera pans all around the fence with flowers on the side.
The camera continues to pan around the fence and the different colors.
A female athlete is standing in a field and takes off running and does a long jump in to the pit.
After,she walks off and her jump is measures as they show her replay.
After,more girls begin to jump and represent their team and their jumps are measured as well.
However,for the last jump,a close up is shown of the board because her foot barely touches it and they want to give her credit for those centimeters.
A man is standing behind two inverted drums.
He begins to play them with small sticks.
He finishes playing and walks away.
A young boy is seen looking off into the distance as well as a girl.
People are seen walking inside followed by clips of people fencing.
More shots are shown of people practicing and a girl bumping into an older man.
man is standing in a court in front of kids and is walking showing how to score a basket.
man throw the ball with someone in the other side of the court and make a lay up and the kids behind him in the court do the same.
the coach os hlping the girl to catch the ball and run.
the kid make a throw and then score a basket adn the kids behind her keeps doing the same.
An older women is shown sitting on a front step putting socks on with a small dog standing near her.
She then puts her shoe on the foot and the dog looks off into the distance.
A group of people are seen riding in bumper cars and running into one another.
The people keep bumping into each other and driving around and then stop to climb out of the cars.
A man stands in a large arena.
She throws a heavy ball really far.
He does this again and again.
He throws the balls really far.
The camel is sitting on the ground, but then the man puts on his glasses while he's sitting on the camel as it lifts up bringing the man forward a little bit.
Then someone grabs the rope on the camel to guide the camel to the right place.
Finally the man pulls the camel the man is sitting on while the other 2 camels walk behind the camel in the front.
A man is standing at a bar.
We see the title screen on how to make a drink.
The man pours three liquors and some lime soda in a glass.
He stirs the glass with a metal tool.
The man then drinks from the glass.
The man points at the camera, we see the end sequence.
A group of people in swim caps are playing volleyball in an outdoor pool, surrounded by a spattering of onlookers,  and an upright digital scoreboard.
A yellow ball flies into the right side of the pool and the people in the pool swim and move it to the left side of the pool, while a man in all white tracks them from the side of the pool on a raised cement border.
A person in the front spikes the yellow ball against a blue goal and past a goal blocker in the pool.
A person on the far left of the pool throws the ball into the right side of the pool where all of the players swim to follow it.
Two dudes are talking silly into the camera with things wrapped around their heads.
Then you see everyone playing beer pong having a great time outside joking and dancing.
A group starts taking selfies and everyone is dressed really funny.
One of the dudes flick off the camera and everyone continues to play bee pong and be wild enjoying their time.
A close up of an exercise equipment is shown followed by a man walking into frame and begins using the machine.
The man moves back and fourth on the machine while the camera continues to capture his movements.
First the man pushes a tire and he steps inside of it.
He then starts hula hooping inside of the tire with it around his waist.
A blindfolded man wearing boxing gloves is seen hitting a punching bag while many watch him on the sides.
He continues punching when a person on the roof pulls the bag up higher.
A woman is seen sitting on a tub with a towel wrapped around her and shaving her legs.
She then laughs to the camera and runs out with a young boy pushing her to the floor.
There's a guy wearing yellow rubber gloves demonstrating how to fix a tire on a car wheel.
He is unscrewing the screws that hold the plates of the wheel.
He loosens the screws to remove the tire.
four men are standing on racquetball court.
one man serves the ball.
The men then begin to volley.
One team scores a point.
They all repeat the process.
A woman is balancing on a tight rope outdoors.
The woman is showing various acrobatic moves.
The woman is bouncing on the wire.
An animal is in the field in the background.
Wrestlers are fighting in a ring.
A man is picked up and thrown down by other men.
A man falls on a table and breaks it.
A woman in a pink shirt is standing outside.
A brown dog is playing with a frisbee.
The dog is standing on the woman's back.
A man is sitting in a barber chair.
Another man is giving him a hair cut.
He then brushes off the mans neck.
We see people riding bumper cars.
A man is in the car with a small boy.
We see an orange car come into the screen followed by a gold car.
An athletic woman is seen talking to the camera and leads into her teaching a cycling class with others.
More shots of her leading are shown in different areas.
A game of croquette is in progress.
A man has lined up numerous colored balls.
He moves down the line, hitting each ball through the goal.
Two men are standing on a gym.
A man gets on his knees and lifts two weights.
A man stands behind him and talks.
The man stands up and kneels back down several times.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera and leads into her pouring ice into a glass.
She then mixes various ingredients into the glass and mixes them up in a shaker.
The woman then puts the glass down and pours the mixture into glass presenting it to the camera.
A person cleans a window screen, and then puts detergent on the lower part of the window and brush.
Then, the person cleans the borders of the window with a cloth, and shows the dirt in the cloth.
After, the person takes a bottle from the sill and continues cleaning the borders of the window screen.
A man is riding a bike.
He is talking on a cell phone in a kitchen.
He is then talking on a phone near a garage.
He starts painting a wooden fence.
He sits down and eats food.
He then finished painting the fence.
He jumps in the air to celebrate.
A close up of a fireplace is seen with the camera moving around the front.
The camera zooms in on the pit and shows a man kneeling own in front.
The man lays plaster out on the front and begins putting tiling down over the plaster.
An athlete is seen standing ready in the middle of a small circle and then throws a shot put off into the distance.
The man walks away shaking his arms and his throw is shown again several times.
Several more athletes are shown stepping up to the platform throwing the shot put and ending with a man in a hat speaking to the audience.
A man starts running down with a stick he places it down and jumps over a really high obstacle, he lands and gloats.
The next man takes his turn and he does the same using the stick to get over the obstacle and jumping up with excitement after landing.
Then another man takes his turn and when he lands he throws off his helmet and yells and jumps for joy like the previous men.
The audience is very thrilled too, they all take more turns trying to get the best score.
A lawn mower is tied to a white rope.
It is turned on and starts going in circles around the rope mowing the lawn.
A jazz musicians is teaching how to play the saxophone.
He is giving instructions and talking about music and scales.
Then he starts to play some for a little before going back to lecturing.
He talks about the notes he has written on the chalk board and goes back to lecturing more about it all.
chef is sanding in front of a coutner with chopped ingredients in different plates and talking to the camera.
man spray oil on the pan and add the mix of the eggs and the vegetables.
man is standing in the kitchen talking to the camera giving a recipe.
A person applies leg lube to their leg and then proceeds to shave the leg and then wipe their leg down with a wet rag.
A person in a bathroom, with one foot on top of a toilet cover rubs leg lube on their leg.
The person then begins to shave the length of their leg with a blue razor.
The person wipes their leg down with wet rag after holding the rag under the bathroom sink tap before holding a bottle of leg lube in their hand in a closeup view.
A man drives a lawn mower over a lawn.
The man turns to his left.
A wagon behind the man is being pulled with children in tow.
The man then circles the lawn.
A green and yellow team Hockey team is pictured and there location is shown on a map.
The video then reverts back to the game and shows the venue that the teams are playing in.
After,several players are shown skating around the rink and then a bald Caucasian male is shown dressed in a black polo begins talking to the camera.
Once finished,the bench is panned and the game begins with the referee standing in between the two teams and they begin playing.
As they continue,the bald man is shows and continues talking and they continue to flash between him,the players, and the games.
A set of black boots are shown on a small table along with a bottle oil and a rag in front of a woman.
The woman then grabs the rag and puts olive oil on it and begins polishing the boots.
She then pauses with the rags and starts talking.
A man train a boy kick box while two men watch sitting in the room.
Then, the man stands and kick the boy who kick back then kneels.
After, the man trains another child while showing movements.
After, the man stands to practice kicks, then the man lye down and and hug the child who continues practicing kick box.
A person sprays a sink and wipes it with a towel.
They spray a bath tub and wipe it with a towel.
They spray a toilet and wipe it with a toilet.
A woman is seen performing a jump off of a high dive and landing into a pool.
More shots of her diving are shown again shortly after in slow motion.
A band plays on a stage.
A man in a suit plays the saxophone up front wearing sunglasses.
Various clips are shown of people riding around on bikes as well as sitting on bikes ready to race.
Several clips are shown of people up close as well as them riding around on bikes.
Three people stand by the corner of a building.
One of the persons, a young boy, takes a bow.
A crowd of people watch him.
He proceeds to perform various karate moves, such as bowing, cartwheels and flips.
Several pictures are shown of people shining shoes for others in various locations using rags and brushes on their shoes.
The video continues with many more pictures being shown of people shining shoes and a man standing with an apron in the end.
There are two girls wearing sparkly blue tank tops and black skirts doing a coordinated dance with sticks in their hands in a gym.
They begin by facing their backs to the camera and break into a dance move by raising their sticks up in the air.
Then they fling their sticks in the air and catch it and turn around to face the camera.
They continue dancing in coordination by going in circles and twirling their bodies simultaneously.
Then they do front flips together and continue twirling their bodies in circular motion.
One of the dancers does a front flip while the other throws the stick in the air and catches it.
They continue dancing as they fling their sticks and catch them in their hands as they coordinate themselves.
After they're finished with the dancing, they stand together and wave to the camera.
A man is running down a track he jumps into a pile of sand.
He runs down the track again and jumps into the sand several times.
Scores are shown on the screen.
A man is standing outside a trailer.
He begins to shovel snow in front of the trailer.
He puts the snow shovel in the snow and continues talking.
A young woman is sitting on a red lounge chair as a tattoo artist begins doing his job.
As he applies the needle,the girl fringes in her face but stays as still as possible.
The tattoo is finally finished and the man dabs the rest of the tattoo on her foot.
A lady is wiping her face.
A little girl is applying makeup to her face.
The mother does the girls makeup.
The girls admires her reflection.
The girl grabs her toothbrush.
An old man flips an skateboard with his feet, then take it and throw to the floor and skate.
After, the man hit the skateboard with his foot and it raise high, the man tries to catch the skateboard but he miss it.
A boy almost get hit with a skateboard.
Then the man skate on the park and then goes to a skateboard track.
A bike is being shown in the narrow walkway.
An old man wearing gray shirt is putting on and screwing the black handle bars in the front of the bike, then put the front wheel of the bike, tighten the screw, and lastly he put the seat on.
A man is seen sitting at several tables and peeling potatoes while the camera looks around in fast motion.
Another person is seen peeling potatoes and the man walks back over to the table to continue peeling.
A bald man is leading an orchestra.
Several female singers are singing while a choir of younger people sing backup.
A young drummer and a man  playing the piano are near each other as the young boy looks around.
As the singers and musicians finish the song,the conductor waves his wand to  end the music.
A woman is seen kicking a ball out into a field of people and then running back to the home plate.
She then kicks the ball again while others around her run and grab the ball from the field.
A person sits on a mat in a gym and does sit ups while holding her legs up.
The person finishes the exercise routine and takes a break.
A graphic is seen with a feather falling.
Two boys are raking leaves in a yard using large green and red rakes.
A dog continuously runs through the leaves, messing them up.
The boys laugh and keep trying to rake the leaves.
A girl is standing on top of a balance beam.
She does forward flips on the beam.
She watches as other girls do the same.
A woman is seen sitting in a canoe when a man pushes her along and climbs in back.
The man is seen riding around and looking at her surroundings while the man behind paddles.
The woman continues sitting and looking around her at the trees and sights.
There are five ladies playing shuffleboard in an indoor shuffleboard court.
There are three women in green and two women dressed in cream colored shirts playing against each other.
A lady from the green team begins to aim the stick to hit the puck while another team member helps her rearrange the pucks.
Then she shoots the puck with the stick and steps back to give her opponent a chance.
A player from the cream team then hits the puck with her stick but is not very successful.
A man steps in and replaces the puck on the shuffleboard.
Then another player from the green team comes forward to play.
A car is seen driving around and leads into a man pumping air in the tire.
The man puts a wire along the tire and continues to spin it around.
He pumps more hair into the tire and takes off the jack driving it away.
A person plays a violin in front of a huge crowd of people.
The people give him a standing ovation at the end.
We see a man talking to the camera while holding an accordion.
The man then plays the accordion and  we see it up close.
The man holds a note and his hands shake.
We zoom out and the man stops playing.
A woman with long hair is seen sitting behind a piano and speaking to the camera.
She places her hands around the piano and begins playing a song.
She continues playing the instrument and pauses to speak to the camera a bit.
She plays some more and ends with her still speaking to the camera.
A ad for premier packaging appears.
A woman is standing in an office in front of a basket filled with small gifts.
She shows how she used cellophane and a hair dryer to shrink wrap the gifts in the basket and keep the safe and presentable.
A man is seen walking forward speaking to the camera and begins washing a car.
The man scrubs all around the car while still speaking to the camera.
He continues to wash the car and stops for a moment to speak to the camera.
A person cuts the nails of the front legs of a cat.
Then, the person cuts the nails of the back legs of a car.
A woman is standing while wearing a pair of black boots.
Her boots begin to move and kick as she starts dancing.
She moves side to side, kicking in and out.
The woman is fully shown as she stops dancing and begins to speak to the camera.
A marching band plays in a gym and people watch.
Then, the marching band stops playing for a little bit, then it resumes.
A woman pass on side the marching band.
A young man drinks from a can.
After, a child pass on front the Marching band.
A young woman is seen looking at the camera while taking a drink and fixing her hair.
The woman then holds up a pack of cigarettes and begins smoking a cigarette.
The woman continuously smokes and drinks one after the other while continuing to look to the camera.
A boy jumps on a trampoline while catching a stuffed doll on his shoulders in the air.
The boy falls back and lands on his back on the trampoline.
The boy jumps and catches the doll and slams it between his legs on the trampoline.
The boy misses trying to catch the doll and falls on the trampoline.
A man is seen laying on the floor while speaking out loud and crossing his arms overs his chest.
The man then does several crunches in various ways and ends by speaking to the camera.
A middle aged woman is standing in a room behind a table full of pain and various size brushes and an image of trees on a easel.
In her left hand,she has a wheel of paint and begins to make stokes on the image to complete her picture.
She goes back and forth from the paint to the board and shows how to make a tree and then cleans her brushes.
A woman lays on the floor in a room.
Music starts to play and she gets up and begins belly dancing.
As she dances, others watch.
In the background, a child gives a woman a hug as they watch on.
The music stops and the dancer walks off stage.
men are standing on ice fishing in a large ice region.
man grabbed a fish from the ice and lay on the floor.
This man is shown mowing the lawn while a big greyhound walks behind him.
There is also another small dog in the yard who's just sitting down in  one spot.
A person is seen riding a kayak along a rough river and spinning himself around.
More shots of him riding around shown and he continues to flip in the water.
A person is seen raking a yard and pauses to put his hand in his pocket.
Another man comes walking in with a leaf blower pushing the leaves around.
The man rakes more leaves and the leaf blower man comes in again.
A person perform wake board holding a ski water rope.
The man jumps an obstacle several times and lands in the water.
Then, the man jumps the obstacle and spin around.
Then, the man slides on ramps while flipping in the air.
A man in white shirt and gray shorts is standing at the center of the court, while young people in black tops and black shorts are standing behind him.
The young people where standing in a triangle form, the young man at the center start to perform by having his arms up then jump and do it again and some of the girls followed what he is doing.
Players stand on the sideline before a volleyball match on the beach.
Players walk onto the court and take positions for the match.
Teams play a game of beach volleyball.
The players shake hands and congratulate each other.
A man is seen looking to the camera wile holding a razor.
He begins shaving his face while looking into the mirror.
He points to the razor and continues shaving his face and looking to the camera.
A person dance and flips Capoeira while a band play music.
Then, a woman talks with the man, after the man dance in group with other people.
After, the man dance in group and with a partner, then all say bye.
A woman is standing with a ball on a string.
She is in a competition for athletics.
She swings the ball around numerous times, then legs go and cheers as it lands far into the field.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while showing shots of people playing water polo.
More clips are shown of people hitting the ball as well as the host speaking to another man.
More clips are shown of people playing in the pool and laughing with one another.
A woman walks to the middle of the room.
She performs belly dancing moves.
She extends her fingers out and finishes her dancing.
We see an opening title screen.
We see a girl run and perform a high jump and make it over the bar.
We then see a replay and and slow motion replay.
We see the ending title screen.
A camera pans around a room and leads into two women speaking and pulling out rock tiles.
The women then put plaster down followed by the rock tiles and showing off the finished shower in the end and people reacting.
A camera is shown sitting on the side of a pool capturing bubble underneath.
More bubbles are shown followed by a man jumping in.
The man jumps all the way into the pool and the camera captures his movements.
An introduction comes onto the screen for a video about snowboarding.
A snowboarder begins to make some commentary about his snowboarding techniques.
Several clips of snowboarders are shown performing the technique as he explains.
The video ends with the closing credits shown on the screen.
A group of men are in a room doing various hand movements and moving their feet.
As they continue,the man in the back falls on the ground,gets up and continues moving in the back of the room.
They finish,stand still and begin clapping and high-fiving one another.
man is walking in a casino watching the pople and the machines.
woman is sitting in a black jack table and is talking to men.
woman is smiling and stretching her arm behind her back.
man sits in a table and start playing black jack in a casino.
A woman is standing on a diving board.
She jumps into the water.
People are standing under the diving board.
A parking lot is shown, and a man on roller blades takes off down the hill.
He goes around sharp curves on his skates.
He takes several country and wooded roads before rolling to a stop in a parking lot.
Two people give a news report about the importance of wearing sunscreen and talk with each other.
People are shown outside putting sunscreen on.
The newscasters then talk at the end with each other.
A young girl is seen standing before a set of monkey bars and smiling while speaking to the camera.
She then carries herself along the set of monkey bars and moves back and fourth on the play set.
She makes her way back to the start and climbs down the ladder finally looking at the camera.
A man is seen kneeling down on the floor speaking to the camera.
The man mixes up various ingredients and begins laying plaster on the floor.
He measures the floor and tiles and cuts out a piece of tile to lay on the floor.
He continues laying tiles on the floor while looking back to speak to the camera.
A group of senior citizens are gathered at a court.
They are engaged in a game of curling.
They hit the puck, pushing it forward.
A view of a wide ocean taken from a boat appears and various men are shown doing different things on the boat on both the inside and the outside and include steering the wheel up deck, or sitting at computers monitoring things.
A man sitting on the deck of the boat is talking to the camera while a man behind him is standing and the man beside that standing man is controlling the steering wheel of the boat.
The focus change to another man on the boat and he is talking to the camera as well.
Two sumos wrestle fiercely while a judge watch them.
Then, the sumo wearing black slip pushed out of the ring the other sumo.
Then, two sumo wrestle and trip with the judge, one of them falls.
After, the sumosn continue wrestling and the sumo with black slip falls out the ring.
Two large pieces of decorated construction paper are shown with the words Happy Birthday all over them.
We then see presents wrapped with the same wording.
Two men are seen passing a ball to one another and leads into a group of people playing soccer.
The people move up and down the court while the camera follows their movements.
Many people watch on the sides as the group continues to play.
Food sizzling in hot oil in a black skillet on the stove, a long stemmed spoon sits in the skillet.
Onions are added to the skillet.
the skillet is stirred and the spoon removed.
Salt is added and stirred in.
The skillet gently sizzles as the mix cooks.
Spices are added to the skillet.
The flame is visible as the skillet sizzles more vigorously, the skillet is stirred and the food is browning.
4 eggs are broken into the skillet.
The mixture is stirred and left to cook.
Pasta is poured and stirred in to the mixture from a sieve.
It is left to cook more.
It is now plated and fresh herbs are sprinkled on top.
a man is seated, talking to a talk show host.
They are animated as they speak to one another.
They continue talking, then the host presents the man with a gift.
A dog sniffs the feet of a man and a woman.
The couple walk the dog down to a lake.
There are other owners and dogs, and they play at the water's edge.
A boy is swinging across monkey bars in a park.
A man is doing something behind him.
The boy makes his way all the way across.
Three martial artists with black belts do a demonstration for younger children.
They jump and kick then bow to each other.
A group of kids are in bumper cars.
They ride around, trying to hit each other.
They bump into the other cars as they go.
A child boxes a gloved adult kneeing on the floor.
The child also practices karate kicks.
The adult and child high five with gloved hands.
The adult starts to get off the floor.
A rests underneath a car in place but not lifting it off the ground.
A man uses an electric drill to wind up the floor jack and lift the car tire off the ground.
The man uses the electric drill again to mind down the floor jack and lower the car.
woman is sitting in a sidewalk talking to the camera next to a green bucket.
woman is jumping on sidewalk playing trick.
another woman is in the sidewalk jumping playing trick.
This perosn is shown making a sandwich that includes lunch meat, swiss cheese, and mayonnaise.
He then mixes an egg and milk together and puts the sandwich into the mix.
He puts the sandwich into a skillet that's on the stove for a little bit, and then he puts the sandwich on a white square shaped plate, which I'm guessing he ate.
A gymnast is seen looking off in the distance and rubbing her hands together.
She puts her hands up and begins performing a gymnastics routine on a beam.
She moves herself all along the beam and ends by jumping down and others applauding.
An athletic man wearing a track suit and a bib number 171 is walking on a track and warming himself up.
The man then grabs his necklace, puts it in his mouth and begins clapping above his head and a name below appears and it say's IRVING SALADINO.
The man drops the necklace from his mouth and immediately begins to run and does his hop, skip and jump.
Replays of the man's run and jump play and the man is shown celebrating himself, and with others on the field.
Two girls are seen speaking to the camera followed by a person laying fruit out and mixing it into a blender.
The girls continue to put the fruit into a blender while taking bites on the side and pushing down further into the blender.
A man is standing in a weight room with multiple screens on and computers on it.
After he finishes talking,he gets on an ellipitacal and starts rowing.
Next,he moves to another machine and does the same thing as well in a slightly different way.
Various shots of scenery are shown and leads to a person scratching a dog and pulling a rope.
More shots of people riding a boat are shown, seagulls flying, and people playing music.
Next a person is seen drawing on a map and ends with an anchor and pictures of people.
A young girl is standing in a room with a grey sweater,black tights,and pink shoes.
In her hand she has a croquet stick and is fiddling with the small ball.
She does it for quite some times keeping it still until eventually walking with the ball and ending the video.
A man jumps onto a balance beam.
They begin to do a gymnastics routine on the balance beam.
They jump off onto a mat next to it.
We see people doing a dance routine in a basketball court.
The people wave their hands in the air.
The camera pans left to show others.
The camera pans right and we see others.
The lades stand still and wave their arms in the air.
The camera pans down to the ground.
A woman is standing behind an array of confections in a kitchen.
Several different cake pops are being shown.
Ingredients are displayed next to actions mixing ingredients.
The woman crumbles the cake into a bowl, then adds frosting while she talks.
She allows them to sit before melting candy coating, which she then dips the cake balls into.
She decorates the cake ball in the final stages.
A final array of cake pops are shown as she ends the segment.
A guy with with leg extensions enter.
The guy hops and flips on a trampoline.
A man and woman remove an attachment from a cable and attach another.
The cables are lifted up.
The man and woman remove what they removed from the trampoline and leave.
The guy with leg extensions leaves.
Two people enter with a chair and bucket.
A lawnmower is outside next to a line of round rocks.
A person starts the mower and begins pushing it alongside the rock border.
We get a first hand view of the person's lawn being mowed as they turn and push the mower all over.
The man's face is shown just before he turns off the camera.
The man in blue shirt is holding a white spray bottle with green and black lid on it.
He started spraying the contents of the bottle on the white car's hood.
He wiped the hood and the back of the white car with a yellow cloth.
He vacuum the floor of the car on the driver's side, wipe the dirt off the steering wheel using the yellow cloth.
He wiped the meters, the side window and glass and the wheel.
He is showing a white spray bottle with black lid, while he is holding a yellow cloth.
He is wiping the edge of the car then showed the white spray bottle.
A white car is shown being dirty and then the after where it is clean and shiny.
A person surfboard in the choppy water of the ocean.
A woman stands on front a swimming pool talking, then a slide show of pictures and a man talking in an event is shown.
Then, the prince Harry of England sits in an event while people dance and perform.
After, people play polo in a field riding horse an throwing a ball with a pole, also the woman and the man talks.
People are running around obstacles playing a game of paintball.
A boy looks around a corner and gets down on the ground.
An American flag is shown on the screen.
A reporter interview two boys and a little boy.
Then, the big boys and the small boys play soccer table while the reporter continue the interview.
A woman is holding a cat in her lap.
The cat is slapping at the pair of trimmers in her hand.
She uses the trimmers to cut the cat's nails, one at a time.
Pucks are seen sitting along the ice as well as a man speaking to the camera and people walking around.
More clips are shown of people curling on the ice while also speaking to the camera.
The people continue to push the puck along the ice while looking back to the camera as well as speaking to the camera.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera while transitioning into shots of her grooming a dog.
The girl is seen washing the dogs as well as blow drying them and trimming their fur.
She continues speaking while showing off her clean dogs and others walking on the side.
A man is talking inside a shop.
He shows off an iron, then uses it to melt a piece of plastic.
The man irons then brushes a long piece of metal.
Three people go tubing down a rapid.
They get stuck on the rocks, then push off and continue floating.
White text says in memory of Paul Walker.
A person is shown using a small brush to create an image of Paul Walker.
Each detail is drawn one at a time, producing the final completed image.
Two very large sumos are in an elevated circle doing leg warm ups and squatting while another man in the middle dressed in Japanese garb referees.
The referee lets them know when to start and the sumos wrestle while the referee walks around the ring and monitors them.
Finally one of the men is able to push another man out of the ring,they stop wrestling, the loser walks to his end and they bow to one another and both leave the ring.
People performs arts martial movers, standing on their heads and spinning.
Then, a man and a boy jumps over, then kids stands on their head an spin around.
Boys bend his body backwards until the feet reach the ground.
Teens twist their bodies and bend to the other end.
A woman walks around a stage holding a saxophone.
She starts to play the saxophone as she dances.
She stops and talks to the crowd again.
She starts to play and dance again.
A white male is dressed outside in a Scotland uniform standing outside in the middle of a cemetery.
As he is standing,he plays the bag pipes with the American Flag hanging down from them.
When he is finished,he begins to look to his right,shakes his head,catches his breath and keeps playing.
Two people are seen riding along on skis while speaking to one another and leads into them riding down a snowy hill.
The people continuously push themselves quickly down a hill moving past several people and ending by stopping at the end.
A man is pouring something onto a large camp fire.
A dog walks around the camp site.
A person in a yellow shirt holding a blanket walks around the fire.
an oreo cheesecake is on top of a table.
oreos are in a bowl and the cooker is crushing them and melted butter and mixing and put it in a pan.
whipping cream is meled in a bowl and beat until double its volume.
in other bowl a cream cheese is mixed with sugar and vanilla and break oreo cookies in a bowl and mix it together and then drop it in the pan and top it off with oreo cookies.
A man lays in bed and wakes up.
The man makes and drinks a cup of coffee.
The man drinks from the cup and when he lowers the cup the man is dress as Captain America.
A man is in an arena fighting a bull.
He swings the cape and runs near other men, teasing the bull into chasing him.
The bull slams into the side of a horse being ridden by a man before running back towards the man with the cape.
The man on the horse rides away to the side.
A person trims the top of a pink hedge using a hedge trimmer.
Then, the man trim the sides of the pink hedge on front a house.
A  person skateboard down to the ramp, a woman is shown in the phone's screen and then a man.
A boy rollerskate down the white railings as two other men walked up to him to give him high five.
A young man in blue top roller blades in the railing and give high fives to his peers.
A group of people walk holding inflatable boats and arrive to a lake, then the people sail in the lake.
After, the people take the boats to sail on a narrow choppy river.
The rafters arrive to a cascade and the boats fold when descend the cascade, then they continue rafting in the river.
A man is standing outside in his front lawn with his mower.
He talks about different lengths of grass for a while  and then bends down to his mower.
He uses a ruler to show more detailed and then moves the mower to the sidewalk to talk some more.
He starts mowing his lawn finally going up and down the lawn.
A toddler hits a piñata with a bat while it is spinning.
A person is near the boy showing an arm.
People in an indoor pool watch on as multiple divers are taking turns and standing at the highest diving point with the word INDIANA on it as they do multiple flips before they land into the pool.
A few woman take their turns jumping off of the highest diving point as they start in different ways, do multiple flips, then dive into the pool making small splashes as they hit the water.
A blonde woman does a very slow handstand facing towards the pool, then pushes off and does multiple flips before she dives into the pool creating a small splash.
When the women are finished diving, men take their turns diving from the highest point as well and they also do multiple flips before they hit the water creating a small splash.
The exterior of a building is shown, including a waving American flag near the front door.
A man appears and talks about a tree near the front of the building.
He then demonstrates how to trim the tree, picking off branches at eye level and using a tool for taller branches.
The company hat is then shown on the step, surrounded by leaves.
A man is practicing throwing darts at his dart board.
He throws them all and then he has to get over to get them all off.
Once he has them all off he starts to throw them again.
He repeats this cycle a few times over and over again.
The man is showing how he plays the guitar.
Then he shows us how he plays flute.
A person skis quickly down a snow covered hill.
People are on intertubes, sledding along the snow.
Various shots are shown of the ocean as well as boats riding along the water.
People are seen laying on beaches as well as speaking to one another and riding behind boats.
Close ups of fish are seen as well as people riding around and surfing the water.
Two women are at the carwash.
A car is covered in soap suds.
The women begin to use a water hose to clean off the soap.
They work the hose and brush all over the car.
They finish hosing it off.
A closeup of a bag of cement mix is shown.
One man adds water into a container while another watches.
The first man pours the cement mix into the container.
The second man uses a mixer on the container.
one of the men applies the mixture to a wall.
There's a bald man with a goatee beard standing in his bathroom in front of a large mirror with an electric shaver in his hand.
He is demonstrating how to shave off his beard and maintain it.
Then he begins showing how to use the trimmer for his beard by adjusting the clipper size.
He completely shaves his beard off.
He then touches his skin to see how clean the shave is.
He removes the hair off of the shaver and cleans it.
A snowboarder gives a tutorial for how to hit a jump.
A few techniques are shown in four parts.
women are in a big green field playing hurling.
woman is in a small green court practicing hurling shots.
A competitive sporting event is taking place in an outdoor arena and the competitors are on the ground while the spectators are in the stands.
A man is now standing in a circle on the field and he's holding a ball and the banner display on the screen indicates his name is Krisztian PARS and that he's about to do a Hammer Throw M as he swings the ball that is attached to the rope, swings his body and then lets the rope go as it flies very far on the field.
The man is very proud of his throw as he cheers and other competitors as well as people in the stands clap and cheer for him as well as he walks away from the area he was standing in and continues to cheer himself on a little more while giving a thumbs up to a group of camera men taking his picture.
A replay of his throw starts again and then it ends with a wide angled shot of the entire arena.
A Caucasian man wearing a red helmet is sitting in a boat in the water talking to water.
The rocky water is shown and then the man comes down kayaking throughout the white waters.
A flash of vacant water is shown then a group of ten people are pictured kayaking together over the rocks and water and eventually are pushed out the kayak by the large wave.
The group of people continue swimming through the water trying to find land.
They eventually get out and each person begins talking the camera about what they've just experienced.
A person holding a cat straightens the cat's paw.
The person cuts the cat's claws with a scissor shape clipper.
The cat attacks the the cutter.
A boy in a blue t-shirt bounces two basketballs in a gym while blocking another basketball player and making a goal with the ball.
A boy bounces two basketballs between his legs.
Another basketball player approaches him and tries to take the ball from him.
The player in the blue shirt blocks him and makes the goal, and then proceeds to do it again, twice.
A wall is painted by two men.
They then hang up wall decorations that are wallpaperlike in appearance.
A woman is spreading shaving cream on another woman's legs.
She puts her hands under water and begins to shave the woman's legs for her.
She starts from bottom to top of the leg and continues that motion.
The video is very unsteady, but the woman continues to shave her friends leg.
A man is seen dancing in a nightclub with two women around him.
The three continue dancing with one another while others dance on the side.
The people dance around one another while the camera captures their movements.
A girl does flips across a mat.
The mat is black and red.
Several girls watch her and clap.
She then does some backflips.
A man and woman play rock paper scissors.
The woman wins and smiles.
The woman puts a blind fold on.
The woman gives the man a hug.
A man walks across a tightrope, as seen from the view of the underside of the rope.
A pan out of the river and a ferry is seen in Hong Kong.
A man puts on a show as he balances in several different positions on a tightrope for a small crowd.
Another man joins him,and they balance,walk, and do push ups.
A large group of people are seen playing hockey around an arena performing various tricks with the puck.
The men continue to hit the puck around one another as the camera captures them from several sides.
The man push the puck around more over and under obstacles.
A text intro leads into several shots of a warehouse and people working with torches.
People are seen using computers as well as magnets that leads into people making cakes.
People use several tools and materials to make a large cake that moves around and brings it into an exhibit in the end.
A person runs down a track and throws a javelin.
Another person runs down the track and throws a javelin.
A man is seen speaking to the camera indoors as well as outdoors.
He points to several objects while leading into dirt being shown as well as plaster.
People are seen putting plaster all over the walls while the man continues to speak.
Two people are seen riding down a hill with one on skis and the other on a sled.
The person then goes over a jump and crashes into a snowbank, showing the same shot again in slow motion.
A guy prepares to play an instrument.
The guy plays a saxophone and uses a microphone.
The guy takes the saxophone out of his mouth and bents over.
A person is seen riding on a horse around others while speaking to other people and kids holding up a sign.
The kids continue to hold signs and look to the camera while more people ride around on horses.
More clips are shown of people riding horses and kids wearing helmets.
A couple of men are on an indoor tennis court.
They lob the ball back and forth over the net.
They hit the ball back to each other.
A large group of kids are seen standing around a field playing a game with one another.
One boy throws a ball to another and the other kicks it off into the distance.
The kids continue to play with one another as well as run along the field.
A pink screen appears that have black numbers and words that read "handbagbuyer 82", then hearts appear to fade out the intro screen and a smiling blonde woman wearing green appears talking straight to the camera.
The woman then picks up a tray with a cover that includes colorful curlers of different sizes and she continues talking while pointing at them.
The woman then picks up a black bag and grabs a silver clip from it, puts it back in the bag and puts the bag on the side and continues to talk.
The woman is now standing in a bathroom wearing a red sweater with hello kitty on the front and she's brushing her hair, rolling it in curlers and clipping each one individually with the silver clip and curlers she showed earlier.
When she completes putting all the curlers that can fit on her entire head, she smiles to the camera and turns her head from side to side.
The woman is now standing in the bathroom wearing green again and she has her hair down and she's talking and using her hands to move her hair around to show the curls.
The outro screan is pink and ends with black words and then a black screen that has a clip art red pair of lips on it.
A toddler iron a garment on a toy board.
The toddler sprays the garment and folds, then she continues ironing it.
Then, the toddler fold again the garment and iron it.
Children practice gymnastics in a room.
A woman helps a child do a flip.
Some children kick off of a wall.
Some other kids do more flips.
A young man is sitting in his room.
The young man started to play his guitar.
The young man is moving his fingers as he press the threads on the guitar.
This woman is doing a nail tutorial of how to create nyan cat nails.
First paint all of your nails blue and do a big white stripe across them and dot little stars.
Then use a tiny paintbrush to put rainbow colors and then use a plastic sandwich bag to make nyan cat and she pushes it onto her nail.
A man is standing on a stage at night time with a lot of stage lights, a band behind him, and a crowd in front of him and he's playing a bag pipe.
Another man comes onto the stage playing the guitar and the lights go flashing.
When the man is done playing the bagpipe another man runs on the stage to grab it from him, and the man who was playing the bagpipe gets something to drink, then grabs a mic and starts singing and waving his right arm in the air.
We see an opening title screen.
We see images of a man opening blinds and carrying a boarding outside.
We see a man riding jet skis and performing flips.
We see a man sitting on the dock.
We see the jet skier ride over a ramp.
We see a shoe briefly.
We see the ending title screen.
A man is holding a white shoe and puts it on the ground.
The man already has a shoe on his right foot and it tightens itself when he touches it.
The man's face is shown and he's looking down at the shoes and then it shows the left shoe on the foot and it's tightening itself .
The man stands up from the car and the scene reveals that it's Michael J Fox in the movie Back to the Future.
There are a lot of different teams rowing very fast in a very large body of water that is outdoors, surrounded by a lot of trees and a lot of buildings.
Now the focus is on canoes that only have one woman in it and they are racing on another just like the teams did but they are alone and they have numbers behind them.
Now they are showing canoes with two men racing and they are also rowing very fast, and then teams of 4 men begin to race.
When they are done racing they are now shown walking up to a man and a woman who are placing medals on ribbons around men and women that walk up to him.
When the medals have all been given out the list of winners begin to display on different screens.
A child is seen turning on a faucet and begins washes dishes in a sink.
The child turns the water off an on again while scrubbing the dishes and another person walking in to help.
We see a blue intro screen.
We see kids riding dirt bikes.
We see another title screen and the intermediate riders are seen.
We see the screen go blue again and we see the experts.
Another title screen is shown and we see the credits.
A man in white shirt and white lifevest is sitting in a single orange raft.
The man in a raft is going against the water waves, he paddles and the raft is turning in circle.
A man in a suit is sitting behind a desk.
People are playing lacrosse on a field of grass.
A person in a yellow uniform is standing in front of a net blocking balls.
We see a man on a diving board high in the air.
The man does a handstand and fall from the handstand into the water.
The next man simply runs and dives while flipping into the water.
The final man does a more traditional  dive.
A man stands outside holding a bottle of sun screen and talking.
He sprays the sun screen on his arm and rubs it in.
A man is standing on top of a hill.
A woman is seated on a sled.
She is then released down the hill, moving quickly.
Pipes are being shown on a rock.
A man is walking on a trail.
A large structure behind a fence is shown.
A boat is in the water surrounding a rock.
A man sits on top of a rock.
A man starts playing an instrument.
A large rock wall is shown.
The man continues playing the instrument.
An intro leads into a woman holding an accordion and a woman in a wedding dress beside her.
The woman then begins to play the instrument while others stand around her and watch and others play along.
A man with a blue shirt is outside walking up a stair case into a building.
As he walks in ,he walks down a row of several bicycles and sets up a camera.
The man then enters another room with three other males and they begin to unbox and assemble several bicycles together.
Once they are secured,the men get on them,testing them out and making the final touches on them.
The bikes are finally finished and the man lifts it up to the camera and begins riding it down the sidewalk.
A boy is standing in the tall grass of a field.
He is holding onto a kite in the air.
He leans way back, being drug by the force of the wind.
A girl with blonde hair and red nails sits in a chair in  bedroom and talks to the camera while smoking and showing off a bottle of blue nailpolish.
The girl rolls away from the camera in the chair to get a bottle of blue nail polish and hold it up to the screen.
The girl then begins to smoke a cigarette in front of the camera while talking.
The girl, finally, takes one long inhale and leans in to exhale into the camera before falling back.
A person makes a jack o lantern.
First they cut the top off of a green pumpkin and scoop the seeds and other stuff out.
The remaining insides are cut and scraped off with an ice cream scoop.
A design is drawn on the pumpkin and then cut out.
The inside of the pumpkin gets sprayed with mold remover and patted dry.
A candle is placed inside and lit and the lid is put back on.
With the lights turned down the jack o lantern can be viewed.
We see a chair with a pillow on it.
A man holding a cat sits down on the chair.
The man clips the cats fingernails.
The man strokes the cat's head.
The man plays with the cat rocking it back and forth.
The man stops the camera.
A man lays back in ocean water as he holds onto a bar.
He is drug by a boat filled with people.
He gains his balance, and is water skiing quickly behind the boat.
Two men are standing on a field behind a row of houses.
One swings a bat and runs onto the field, chasing a ball.
The ball is thrown back to the batter, and he continues the game of cricket with his team mates.
Several people are outdoors, one of which is riding and performing tricks on a skateboard.
The man goes into a group of people before another man, then another are shown going downhill on the street riding their skateboards.
They perform several tricks and flips as they go.
The people clap as the winner is announced.
A man is sitting in a barber chair.
Another man starts shaving the sides of his head.
He blow dries his hair and styles it.
He puts some gel in his hair.
An intro with text is shown across the screen followed by two cartoon characters.
The characters speak to one another and lead into them playing a game.
One character loses the game and then disappears.
People play beer pong while other persons watch.
People get happy when the ball get inside a cup.
Then, a man throw a ball inside a cup, and a person drink the liquid in the cup.
A man throw a ball inside a cup and people congratulates and hug the man.
A person spreads out the branches on a Christmas tree.
The person drapes shiny tinsel strands around the tree.
The person hangs Christmas bulbs on the tree.
A child comes and watches the person decorating the tree then runs around playing.
The person rolls up a sheer piece of fabric to put away.
An athletic man is seen stepping up to a circle and throwing a discuss off into the distance.
He then runs excitedly while cameras follow him and shown other athletes spinning the disk.
More shots are shown of people celebrating and the athlete runs into the stands.
People are seen walking around a gymnasium and leads into one standing in between bars.
The gymnast then moves himself around the bars and jumps down afterwards.
Another man steps up to the bars and attempts to spin around.
A person is seen standing on a beach looking down at sand.
The person then begins building a large sand castle in front of them.
The person continues working around the sand and ends by walking out of frame.
These two men are shown spraying the exterior of the black car with soap.
Then they started hand washing the car using their hands and a towel.
They scrubbed almost everywhere to make the black turn into shine.
A group of people are in a gym playing dodgeball.
A logo appears on the screen.
A man is talking to the camera while people play dodgeball behind him.
The man and players demonstrate dodgeball techniques.
Captions appear on the screen periodically that explain dodgeball.
A girl is seen speaking to the camera and leads into her holding bottles and washing her face.
She wipes her face down with a towel and then puts lotion all over her face.
We see a box on fabric.
A person wraps the box in the fabric and ties it up.
We see the person wrap to bottles in the fabric together.
They then put two bottles in a bag and tie it.
We then see the ending credits.
An ad for Howcast is shown.
It is followed by a woman in a chair who smiles for the camera, and a woman with braided hair who is speaking.
The woman in red applies various makeups to the seated woman, explaining the process as she goes.
When she is finished, she speaks again to the camera.
A man is seen sitting on a chair look nervously at the camera while another man sits behind him.
The man then begins tattooins the man's chest and the man looks up into the camera every now and then.
A man at a professional sports event performs a long jump over a pit of sand in front of a stadium filled with people.
The man begins by encouraging the audience to clap by throwing his hands up at the crowd and gesturing for applause.
The man then kneels slightly to prepare for the run and begins to run down a stretch of narrow lane before catapulting in the air over the sandpit.
The man lands on the other side of the pit and gestures to the audience again for applause as men smooth sand over with long handled and wide brush brooms, the audience claps and waves flags and camera people rush around the event capturing it on film.
A man is seen kneeling down on the dirt when a bull comes running into the man.
He knocks over the man and is dragged away, followed by his clip being shown again.
Several more clips are shown of people chasing bulls and running away.
A small group of people are seen standing around with one woman holding signs and leads into people playing tug of war.
Several shots of the games are shown as well as a girl dancing and kids warming up.
the kids play more tug of a war and a close up of a person's face is seen in slow motion.
A young girl is cleaning the sink.
The girl gets her shirt all wet.
The girl points to the drain of the sink.
Cotton balls are being set on fire and put out in various ways.
An ax is used to put out the fire.
A piece of wood is used to put out the fire.
A small group of people are seen standing around table speaking and laughing to one another.
Two men then drink out of ice containers and lead into more people drinking out of the containers.
One team finishes before the other and everyone celebrates.
A girl demonstrates applying contact lenses to her eyes in an extreme close up video.
A pink slide appears advising that the a person is not good at applying contact lenses.
A girl with blonde hair and long pink nails proceeds to apply contact lenses to her eyes in a close up video which capture the lens and the eye before and after.
We see a man in a yard raking with a title on the screen.
We see a tree trunk and leaves falling.
We see the man talking and see the yard as he rakes.
We then see the man as he blows it with a leaf blower and a vacuum.
A news report on physical fitness is given.
A few people discuss the benefits of hulahooping and then do a demonstration.
A man wearing a blue shirt is throwing the shot put.
He is going in a circular motion on a red circle painted on the ground.
He throws the shot put into the air.
Another man is swinging in circular motion, ready to throw the shot put.
A couple dances in red outfits on a stage for a large audience on a stage lit with colorful lighting.
A man and a woman passionately hold each other standing still in an embrace.
The  man dips his female partner down who does the splits at the end of the dance.
A boy swings on a swing outdoors.
He swings as high as he can with his legs out.
A woman takes a few steps with a pair of jumping apparatus.
The woman begins jumping around rapidly.
The woman is joined by a man who is also jumping around in a pair of jumping apparatus.
A man drives in circles a four wheels motorcycle in a field with high weeds while dust.
Then, the man goes to another place to continue driving in circles.
There are two guys standing on a large blue mat in a gym and they are both wearing shorts and a pair of boxing gloves.
The men square up and they begin hitting and kicking at one another with brief moments of stopping in between their punches and their kicks.
One of the guys kicks the other one too hard and the one who got kicked gets mad, rips his gloves off of his hands, walks away and angrily throws his gloves.
Title screens are shown on the video.
The woman demonstrates using a hula hoop in a large room while another person talks.
Another person looks in through the window of the door.
The woman stops hula hooping and takes a bow.
The ending credits roll.
A woman cuts the ends off a sweet potato on a cutting board with a knife.
The woman uses a peeling tool to skin a sweet potato over the cutting board.
A man in a a leotard is blowing in his hands getting himself warmed up to start running.
Once he starts he goes super fast  jumping up and into the sand.
They show a replay of his run and land in slow motion.
When he is done he walks around the arena while being followed by a camera.
Boys are moping the tiled floor.
A boy in short places his mop in a yellow bucket.
A lady walks away with a long clear object in her hand.
Two people are seen playing a fooseball table and cheering with one another.
The people continue playing and pausing to cheer ending with a handshake.
A man is doing gymnastics in a living room.
He is doing hand stands on a couple of bars on the ground.
The bars are made from pvc pipes.
A young man solves a rubix cube quickly in a digitally timed session.
A man in a yellow shirt with a graphic of a man's face on it talks to the camera and holds up an unsolved rubix cube.
A black digital timer appears on the screen in the lower right hand corner and begins to run time.
The man begins to solve the rubix cube when the timer starts, and then solves the rubix cube with 00:34:08 time, at which point he holds the solved rubix cube in the air as demonstration.
people is playing black jack around a table.
dealer is dealnig the cards and the tokens to the women.
man stands from a table and walks in a room.
A young girl is seen standing ready looking down at a violin.
The girl is then seen playing the violin while moving her hands up and down.
The girl continues playing the instrument and ends by looking to the camera.
A toddler is sitting down in front of a table,with her play make up laid out on the table.
She then takes her foundation and puts it around her face.
Next comes her eye shadow,then her lips but she ends up dropping it on the floor and has to go under the table to get it.
Finally,she comes back and adds the finishing touches on her lips,she finishes off her lips and adds more color to her cheeks.
A large group of people are dancing in pairs on a dance floor.
People watch from tables all around the dance floor.
A man with a microphone stands on the dance floor.
A group of people are standing in the middle of a forest with a trail of pebbles separating them from a beautiful crystal clear body of water.
The camera moves across the water and several people on boats and jet-skis are moving in the water near a large wave.
More large waves begin to surface and a man begins surfing the waves.
The forest is then shown and surf boards appear that are washed up against the banks of the water.
A teen stand on a track, then he runs and jumps long on a sand box, after the teen stands and walk.
A person pass behind the teen.
