The girl in the red looks like she almost makes it before running off.
A man is seen holding onto a paint machine and spraying it around all the furniture.
He continues painting around the area while the camera pans around his movements.
He finishes the painting and the camera pans around the furniture.
A man is standing on a show playing bagpipes while other around him watch in amazement.
The man continues to play and the audience claps when he finishes.
He hands the instrument to a man walking in and gives the host a handshake.
He talks to the host a bit and strikes a pose before the host finishes with the guest.
There is a diver wearing yellow swim trunks is diving from a diving board in an indoor swimming pool.
He jumps off of the diving board several times as some other people are leisurely swimming in the pool.
He does the backward and forward diving moves as another young man watches him dive right into the pool.
Then another young man dives from the same diving board.
They both do the forward diving move.
Another diver goes up much higher and dives right into to pool.
There is a competitive game of tug of war going on in an open field.
Where a team wearing blue is competing against another team.
The coach is giving directions to the team on how to pull the rope.
He is encouraging them to not give and continue their efforts.
There are spectators watching the event and cheering for the participants.
There are few more rounds of tug of war played s the spectators watch and cheer for the players.
The coach continues to encourage the players.
After they win the tug of war, all the spectators run out and hug the players.
A cameraman takes their pictures.
The entire team poses for a team picture after their win.
A man is shown playing a violin in front of a video game being played on tv.
The man continues playing the instrument while the tv in the background shows a game being played.
Several people are seen wandering around a dark city while wearing stilts on their feet to walk.
The people continue walking and jumping around on the stilts while waving to the camera and sitting on the ground.
This woman is showing her viewers how to make a Chambord Royale.
First she fills her shaker up halfway with ice and then she adds vodka and Chambord and she puts one ounce of both of them and then she adds a little bit of pineapple juice and cranberry juice.
Next she shakes everything up and strains the drink into the cocktail cup.
An intro leads into a woman talking to a class sitting on bicycles and beginning to ride.
She leads the class in a bicycle riding class and inspires her students to peddle hard like this.
The people smile along with her as the camera pans over several shots of the people.
A man is mowing his lawn around a tree in front of his house.
He walks back and forth, avoiding the rocks.
He turns at the driveway and returns again.
A person washes there hands and closes a sink drain.
The person removes a contact from the container and places on the tip of their finger.
The person holds open one eyelid at a time and inserts the contact into their eye.
A cleaner solution is sprayed into the container to clean it out.
The contact lens is removed from the eye.
Solution is sprayed on the contact lens resting in the palm of a hand before being placed back on the counter.
There is large indoor gym where a gymnastic event is being held.
There is a girl gymnast who is performing on the bars.
There are spectators watching her as she swings swiftly.
She gets off the bars and is congratulated by her coach.
The awards are then presented to the winners of the competition.
the winners stand on stage to receive their medals of victory.
The score board shows the names of all the winners.
Outside in a bucket there is some wood and someone come out and starts to blow something on it.
He is blowing fire on to it with some kind of fire contraption that looks like a gardening tool.
It is catching nicely and the woods is burning quick.
The fire dies down a little but is still burning.
A person puts sealing material around steel planks and a roof.
Then, the man paints a roof with black paint.
A woman smiling at the camera is shown scraping off her car with a scraper.
She talks to the camera man while smiling at the camera and continuing to scrape.
A woman in a black shirt is dancing in a room.
A small dog on the floor next to her watches.
She claps her hands together at the end.
An intro leads into a camera panning around various snow locations with people moving and plows moving.
The camera shows several different people stretching and warming up followed by two people falling over and standing up.
Several clips are shown of snow boarders doing tricks on a mountain as well as jumps and grinds.
A woman is seen raking leaves around a lawn while three dogs stand near her and hold toys.
The woman continues raking as the dog roam around her with toys and she gradually picks them up and throws them for the dogs.
A view is shown of a man removing a paddle from a fence.
We see his face as he speaks, before he kayaks down a very thin stream into open waters.
He uses his phone as another person arrives, then videos others shooting down the passageway.
There's a young boy playing lacrosse in his front yard.
he is holding a yellow lacrosse stick.
He is excited as he plays the game while his mother cheers him up to play.
He picks up the yellow ball and throws it across to his father.
When his father throws the ball to him, he catches it with the lacrosse stick.
His mother gets excited and shouts out for him.
We see a girl gymnast on a balance beam performing.
The girl prepares to do a flip and falls on the bar and hurts herself.
The girl stands crying and a lady comes to help her.
A man is shown smiling and talking into the camera and holding a young boy up on a sink.
The man holds the boys eyes open while he laughs and brushes his teeth.
A person in white runs towards first base playing kickball.
The man is tagged out by a woman wearing red.
There's a news reporter dressed in a pink floral dress and a white jacket giving an update on sports news.
She shows events of the London Paralympics.
She is showing the viewers the different events such as shoot put, swimming and running and the gold medals that were won in these events.
While the news is being telecast, there are captions on the bottom about current events.
She also shows the viewers all the medals that are won by all countries that participated in the Paralympics.
A woman with short hair is seen talking to the camera then flipping a pair of paints inside out.
She folds the pants neatly on an ironing board and begins ironing the paints thoroughly.
Several people surf with paddles in ocean water navigating rough waves as onlookers watch from boats and kayaks.
A man is paddle rowing on a surfboard in a body of water, when he begins to surf the ocean waves using the paddle to navigate and guide the surfboard.
Another man is shown in a red outfit performing the same feat with the paddle along with yet another man in a green shirt.
Another man in is paddle surfboarding  in a clear blue type of water before the scene switches again to another several more people navigating large and rough waves with surfboard and paddles.
A man lays out a scarf and puts some accessories in the middle of it.
He ties the end and folds it into double knots.
He opens it again and puts something else into the middle of it.
Then pulls it together and it closes, he made a little bag out of a scarf.
Four men ride in a convertible car and drive along a desert highway.
Two friends ride down an escalator.
The friends stand at a card table in a casino and play hands.
The man makes a large bet and sits down to play a few hands at the table.
The man accumulates a large number of chips.
The man's friends win a hand and the couple celebrates.
The man is tracked by security personnel and cameras.
The woman falls back if her chair to the ground and the men help her up.
The friend playing is gone and the chair is empty.
A man stands in front of the camera speaking and various trips of people and sites are shown.
Another man is interviewed followed by several more shots of the area.
A panel of people speak to one another and people get ready for a race.
Dozens of people line up and begin swimming in the ocean to race.
Many more people are interviewed while the race continues and many people watch and discuss the events.
The words "The Shot Put" appear on screen over an athlete.
"The Shot Put Introduction" appears on screen followed by several athletes performing the sport.
The words "Thank you for Watching" appears on the screen.
There's a man wearing a red hat and a black shirt training and playing with his dog in a dog park.
There are several other people in that park with their dogs, sitting under canopies.
The man is throwing a Frisbee for the dog to fetch.
The dog is running around and fetching the Frisbee for its owner.
The dog jumps up high to catch the Frisbee.
The man also throws a ball to the dog for him to fetch.
The man lifts the dog up and walks away with it.
A person is shown on skis riding behind a boat on water performing various tricks.
The man continues doing several different tricks on the skis and the boat moving a lot faster.
A representative of the GCN Network is talking and demonstrating how to use tools to fix bike wheels.
He is standing near an elevated blue bike with several tools displayed on a wall behind him.
He is using an Allen key to lever the bike tire.
He rotates the bike tire and then uses the Allen key to adjust the screws.
Then he resets the pistons of the wheel to realign them.
Then he precisely fits in the attachment into the wheel.
There are many kids ranging from toddlers to teenagers enjoying themselves at a backyard birthday party.
There is a Disney princess pi単ata hanging from a tree.
The kids are enjoying hitting the pi単ata with a blue stick.
they kids take turns to hit the pi単ata.
A little girl dressed in a purple skirt tries to tear the pi単ata by hitting it hard with the stick.
There's a fitness trainer representing The FitCast fitness in a gym demonstrating how to do a tall kneeling palloff press.
He is kneeling down on the floor in a black shirt and gray sweat pants.
He is pulling the handles of the palloff press with both hands towards his chest while keeping his back and shoulders up straight.
A woman with her hair up in a towel introduces her video showing how she washes her face.
She applies a moisturizer to her face while dancing around.
She then dances in the living room with the moisturizer on.
Finally, she returns to the bathroom and washes her face.
A girl talks to a camera shes holding on followed by shots of a store and her dog in a car.
She records several items shown around the store and then herself in a bikini.
She puts the lotion on herself standing in front of a lake and smiling into the camera.
A young girl is standing on a stage in front of 4 judges that are sitting along a table and they are talking to her.
The girl then begins her performance where she is dancing ballet and singing and when they pan to the judges and the audience they seem pleased with her performance.
When the girl is done performing, she gets a standing ovation from the audience and some of the judges.
The judges then take turns speaking with her expressing their approval, and the girl is very happy about it.
The girl then runs off the stage and behind the curtains she gives a man who is possibly her dad, a kiss and a hug.
A person is seen sitting on a bike before a track looking down.
The man then begins riding down the track with several others riding in front.
The person rides all around the area and ends with a go pro logo.
A man with long sideburns wearing a red colored robe is playing the piano.
there's another man in a blue shirt standing near him, busy engaged in packing some bags.
The main in red continues playing the piano as the other man carries two bags and leaves.
The man stops playing the piano and waves to the other person as he gets up and leaves.
A woman shows off her nails followed by several clips of nails being painted by a brush.
The brush makes several lines on the nails and shows celebrities with fashionable nails.
The video speeds up and shows off several different designs for nail polish and examples.
A woman dressed in a black tank top and black tights is doing stomach crunches on a mat.
She is exercising on a hardwood floor in the gym.
She continues doing her stomach crunches.
A chef dressed in a white chef's outfit is demonstrating how to sharpen kitchen knives using a tool called Rada knife sharpener.
He is standing in a kitchen in front of the counter that has a variety of raw vegetables displayed.
He places a kitchen towel on the counter and then places the knife on top of it.
He then demonstrates how to use the Rada sharpening tool to sharpen the kitchen knife by running iit back and forth in gentle and steady motion.
A group of children play on playground equipment watched by parents.
A child swings across the monkey bars.
The child gets to the other side bows and runs back to the monkey bars jumping and laughing.
The child jumps around happily and falls down but get right back up.
A woman is shown talking to the camera holding a vacuum and followed by her vacuuming up her floor at a fast pace.
She vacuums all around the area while still talking to the camera and eventually transitioning to a close up of the vacuum.
A man introduces the basketball concepts of the video to the camera.
The player starts from one side of the court and runs up and lays up the basketball in the net.
He repeats around the court from every angle.
The man returns to go over the concepts again as the video closes.
A person is shown vacuuming a large rug with a green vacuum cleaner.
A caption comes up on the screen while the man continues to use the vacuum all over the rug.
A woman is seen walking into frame and speaking to the camera while holding various objects in her hands.
She continues to pull out more objects while still speaking to the camera.
An intro leads into a woman preparing to jump and flips around and around on bars.
She continues her gymnastic routine flipping through the bars with a bar spotting her and she finishes by putting her arms up.
We see a green title screen.
People are running around on a field playing a  game of lacrosse.
A man in white shorts sits down in front of the camera.
A man knocks over one of his team mates.
Two men almost crash into the camera.
A group of players fight over the ball.
A man hits the ball far across the field.
The screen fades to green.
A young child is seen playing with a toy and putting lip stick on her lips.
The camera is then seen moving around a room, walking down stairs and following the young girl.
The girl walks back into her room to play with her toy while the camera follows.
There's a woman skurfing where the woman is towed on a surf board behind a sailboat.
The woman surfer jumps up high as the sailboat sails in the water.
The woman twists and turns around while on the surf board.
The sailboat continues to pull the woman and she balances perfectly on the surfs as she twists and turns and spins on the surfs.
She goes in a zig zag pattern making foamy waves in the water as the boats speeds up.
The same surfing is watched on television as a guy and a another woman put several medals around the surfer's neck.
The surfer pretends to fall down with the sheer weight of the medals.
There are several people gathered in a skating park with skateboards.
There a young man wearing a red hat talking about a skateboarding event at Red Bull skate Arcade.
Several spectators are gathered in the arcade along with a panel of judges.
Some of the participants are beating the heat by splashing water on themselves.
The participants begin their stunts on the skateboards as they go over ramps and steep slopes.
Several participants are showing off their stunts as spectators cheer and clap for them.
They show off their scary yet impressive stunts as the climb up walls and steep ramps without falling.
The crowds cheer for them and applaud them.
The winners are awarded certificates and prizes for winning.
a woman is in front of a table, holding a cat.
She pets the cat to calm him down.
She then gently clips his toenails.
The woman is adjusting the matt, while the man is raising the pole.
The woman is running with a pole, then she jumped over the yellow rope.
The woman jumped over the rope while her coach is on the side of the tract watching and assisting her as she jumped over the pole.
There's a young man wearing a black hoodie and hat out in the wilderness.
He takes an umbrella in his hand and then tosses it behind him.
Then he walks on a tight rope and tries to balance himself.
There are some other men doing the same thing out in the wilderness, trying to balance themselves and walk on tight ropes.
A woman is dancing along to some music while standing in front of a television.
As she is dancing she begins to smoke a hookah pipe.
The camera shows two other women in the room as they dance and smoke the hookah pipe with her.
the camera turns to a man that is in the room with a camera taking pictures.
A professional diver named Pandelela Rinong is getting ready to dive in a competition.
She goes forward on the diving board and does a backward dive into the pool from several feet.
She twists her body as she dives down into the pool.
After she's done, she smiles and walks out of the pool.
A cricket game is being played between two teams in front of a crowd of people.
The first play is made and the commentators narrate the play.
Then, a replay of the previous play is started while the commentators narrate it.
The camera cuts to a man laughing at a mistake made in the play.
An intro leads into a woman using a brush to push hair off a large dog.
She continues brushing on several other dogs and giving them pets before sitting down and petting them.
There's a large team of participants getting ready to do engage in a water tubing activity.
They walk down a hilly terrain to the river.
They get onto their tubes and begin going down the rapids.
The participants seem very calm and happy as they wave to the camera.
They all begin their journey down the rapids as the water starts getting more turbulent.
They continue going along the with water current as they flow steadily through the water.
Then they all arrive at banks of the river where the water is calm and steady flowing.
Two men talk heatedly until a man comes and separates them.
Number 99 leaves then goes back to finish talking.
Number 69 walks across the field.
We see number 69 hit the ball.
he then argues with the catcher.
A pitcher begins to pitch.
There are two men playing Foos ball with two young boys in a living room.
There is a large decorated Christmas tree behind them.
There is a woman sitting in the living room with a little girl.
The boys play Foos ball with the men.
They laugh and enjoy themselves as they continue to play.
A young boy playing a large drum game concentrates while the camera watches him play.
Other people walk in and out of frame from the boy while he continuously plays the game on the drum.
Another boy holding a drink walks into frame and watches the boy play the game.
Several types of shot put throws and terminology are demonstrated.
The different throws show different block types.
These are used  in various sling types.
Some names of some of the throws are the glide shot,  the spin Shot, and the stand throw.
There's a lady in green sanding the counter giving out tickets to people who are purchasing them for snow tubing.
Several people are out snow tubing down a snow caped slope.
People are going downhill on their snow tubes wearing winter gear and goggles.
Some of them are snow tubing in groups of threes.
They are enjoying themselves coming down the slope rapidly.
Holiday gift wrapping made easy, this glass store give a tutorial on how to wrap awkward shaped gifts.
You place the object on the wrapping paper to start.
After, you fold the tip of the paper, you grab the scissor and cut strips.
Then you use tape to hold it down and top it off with a bow.
A lawn mower is being pushed through grass.
It is pushed along a sidewalk.
It is pushed along a flower bed.
A man is running on a track with a javelin.
He throws it as hard as he can.
We see him throw again in slow motion.
A man swings his leg in the air creating letters and we see an opening screen.
two men are in two different rooms performing Capoeira moves.
A man does a handstand move.
The man does a handstand and pauses.
We see the website on a black screen.
We see four screens with images of men doing Capoeira.
A boy holds an ice cream cone to a baby sitting in a high chair seat.
The baby enjoys the ice cream cone.
Opening credits show the upcoming activities.
A man in plaid is standing at a microphone acknowledging the crowd.
He begins playing the harmonica.
The man stops playing and dances in place.
The man continues to play his harmonica.
The man stop splaying and thanks the crowd as the closing credits appear.
A boy with a hat is seen walking and talking behind some trees.
The boy sneaks out onto a field where another boy is playing field hockey.
The boy in the hat takes the ball.
The boy playing field hockey is seen leaping around in the background.
The boy in the hat kicks the ball back to the field hockey player and another player is seen.
The two field hockey players are seen running around and hitting the field hockey ball with their sticks.
One of the field hockey players is seen with his arms and legs wrapped around the leg of the boy with the hat.
A person practice dribbling and shooting the ball walking or running in the court, while a man watch the training.
The man stands and leave the court.
After, several men practice basketball in a court.
A man is running down a track in slow motion doing several jumps and landing into a pit.
The same man is shown several times through various clips in slow motion performing the long jump on a track field.
Two people are dancing on a dance floor.
People are sitting and standing on the sidelines watching them dance.
They continue to dance on the dance floor.
A girl is sitting on a large chair with two girls beside her and a man tattooing her foot.
Another man steps into frame and the girls continue talking to each other while the artist.
A young girl is showing sitting on a floor talking to the camera and pretending to iron.
She prays the bottle of water onto the clothes and irons doing this several times.
She flips over the shirt to continue ironing and looks off into the distance.
Two pairs of men are getting ready to box.
Both pairs of men are seen boxing.
Another pair of men are seen talking and gesturing about boxing in the distance.
The main pair of boxers take a short break.
All groups stop boxing and begin to talk.
One of the men begins hanging on a rope and swinging forwards and backwards.
People are rollerblading and doing tricks.
A person is skateboarding at a skate park.
A white car is in the street.
Individuals bowl at their lanes and knock down pins.
A guy bowls a strike and open his mouth to express anguish.
A man is seen playing a saxophone and transitions from various locations of the person playing the instrument.
The man is then seen side by side with himself and more shots of him playing in a room.
A drum line gets in formation at an outdoor event.
They begin their routine, each section moving in their own set way before coming together and spreading out again.
They form into two rows and finish the song.
A close up of booklets are shown with a person flipping them open and reading.
The woman marks a name down and peels it off to put on a sock.
The woman then lays an iron over the name and peels off the paper to show how to properly label a gift.
A man is shown sitting down in front of a tree shuffling cards when someone hands him a drink.
He then chugs the drink very quickly and points to the one who threw the drink.
A young blonde lady is talking to the camera inside her room.
She separates her hair into sections.
She then shows how to braid the sections and pin it in place.
The video is a tutorial about installing deck tiles.
There's a contractor working on a deck.
He begins installing the interlocking wooden tiles on a concrete deck surface.
He covers the entire deck with the wooden tiles to evenly cover the surface area.
There's a black and red colored race car in a parking lot.
A man wearing beige shorts begins cleaning the black race car with a cloth and a spray.
He wipes the car down to make it shiny and clean.
Both the cars are parked in the parking lot, looking clean and sparkly after a car wash.
Information about Hand Job, mobile waterless car wash is shown on the screen.
A person is washing a car.
The person changes hands and washes with their other hand.
They then use both hands.
A person peels potatoes in a sink, suddenly a cat jumps to the bench to watch the woman.
The cat touch the sink with his mouth and intend to pass to the other side of the sink but the woman prevents it.
Then, the cat drinks water from the sink and cat continues watching the woman.
After, the cat touch the potato peeler with a leg while the person continue peeling the potatoes.
A woman is walking her horse out to a field to ride.
The horses tail is braided back and she is wearing pink.
The lady gets on the horse and ride it around hitting a ball around.
The horses tail is no longer braided as they ride around in the sand.
There's a man wearing a white graphic shirt, sitting with bongo drums drumming a beat on the drums.
He is wearing headphones as he drums a beat on the drums.
He continues playing the drums.
After a while he changes the beat after pausing for a little time.
Then continues playing another beat on the drums.
Then he stops for a little bit and rearranges the drums to play again.
Another person is drumming beats on an electrical drum set that has several drums.
There's a young man in a red shirt playing an acoustic guitar.
He strums the guitar using his pick and moves his fingers along the chords.
After he is done playing, he looks up and smiles.
Several intros lead into a bike race between 3 men on bikes.
One crashes hard while the others pass and continue the race.
All men continue to ride through the track until one eventually wins while one chases him.
Several people are in a skate part rollerblading with one another.
The people then move out to scenic places and starts to roller blade throughout the city.
More people begin to skate and they start to make ramps in the alley way and going tricks in a skate park.
A girl is seen crossing her arms and hula hooping over and over again.
She continuously hula hoops while moving her legs all around and doing various jumps and tricks.
There are six to eight people sailing down a turbulent water stream in a raft.
They are all dressed in red gears and yellow helmets.
They use the oars to sail themselves down the rapids.
They are trying hard to stay afloat in the turbulent water as the boat gets bumpy sailing through the rapids.
As they sail through they come across another group of rafters in the same rapids.
They continue their journey through the rough water of the rapids.
A clip is shown of a person on a wake board riding on some waves and crashing into the water.
Several more clips are shown of people riding on the wake boards on the ocean waves gliding along.
There's a little boy sitting on a bed in the bedroom.
There is a laundry basket and a lot of clothes on the bed.
The mother of the boy who is filming the video shows a vacuum cleaner.
Then she turns the vacuum cleaner on and begins vacuuming the bedroom floor.
The boy watches his mom vacuum as he jumps on the bed.
the boy then lays down on the bed as he sees his mother finish the job.
Then the boy gets off the bed and jumps down to the ground to look under the bedside table.
This woman is showing viewers how to make a whiskey sour.
First she pours one ounce of whiskey over ice into the ross glass.
Then she pours citrus into the glass and puts a straw into it.
Some boys are in the pools playing with volleyballs.
There is a large swimming team swimming and throwing the ball around to their team mates, scoring.
Then, there is a team on the filed playing flag football.
They are running around trying to score for their team.
A young child is seen ironing a shirt on a table and looking into the camera.
The boy continues pretending to iron the shirt and eventually puts a dress on the table to iron.
He irons the dress and swings it around.
Several individuals are in the water playing a game and the man throws an orange ball to a person.
The person then takes the ball and throws it to the man sitting next to the goal.
He then moves to the other side of the pool and grabs the goal.
A man wearing a purple sweater is demonstrating how to use garden shears.
He is trimming the hedges and bushes in the yard.
He shows how the shears can be used effectively in hard to reach places.
A girl is seen rollerblading down a long road with several people walking around her.
The camera zooms in on her face and shows all the people around the area followed by the cameraman's feet.
There's a woman in her kitchen demonstrating how to use Astra Clean composite sink cleaner She sprays the kitchen sink with the Astra Clean quirt bottle and then uses a brush to scrub the sink.
After she's done, she looks impressed at the sparkly clean kitchen sink.
She puts the bottle down on the sink and walks away.
An intro to Dancing with the Stars shows followed by a man playing piano and a couple looking off into the distance.
The woman begins playing the piano when the man standing plays and grabs her.
They twirl around a large stage surrounded by hundreds of people watching them dance.
The man picks her up and twirls her around the music and ends with audience clapping.
An intro leads into various pictures of horse tools and a woman speaking to the camera holding a brush.
She then brushes the horse's mane thoroughly while still looking to the camera and speaking.
First the man walks onto the stage in the beginning and shakes his head roughly.
Then he wrestles a bald man in a wrestling match.
Next he wrestles a man who has long short blonde hair and he wrestles a man who has a low haircut and he wins.
The crowd starts cheering and roaring because of how many times he'd won.
A man in a kilt prepares himself to toss a large hammer in a competition.
After his preparations he swings the hammer around in a circle and tosses it as far as he can.
A woman is seen brushing copious amounts of hair off of a dog's body and collecting the fur in her hand.
The dog moves his leg a bit as the woman continues brushing and looks back to watch her brush.
Motorcycle riders race around a dirt track during a competition.
One rider crashes over a jump and falls off his bike.
The other rider slows down and pulls off the track.
The crashed rider crawls on the ground and is helped by another.
The rider waves his arms to signal the others and takes the crashed bike off the course.
The rider is seen crashing in slow motion.
There's a woman in a red sweater and white shirt and blue pants sitting in her living room on a brown leather sofa.
She is holding a spray can of furniture polish in her hand.
She also has a paper towel in her other hand which she uses to wipe the table.
She sprays the wooden table surface with the spray and then wipes it with the white paper towel.
She explains how to use the spray and wipe the furniture.
A White plastering tool is shown with a brown wooden handle on it.
A person then picks it up and begins to bend it showing how the object works.
After,the object is demonstrated on the corner of the walls and then the plaster is washed off in the grass.
There's a little girl in a pink shirt and black tights and pink shoes playing hop scotch in a playground.
She jumps around on the colorful squares as she has fun.
Then she goes around a small water fountain that is next to the hop scotch squares.
She is enjoying herself running around in the playground.
stadium is shown with a lot of people in the audience sitting on stands watching a criquet game.
men are being interviewed in the field.
A group stands at a train station.
A man shovels snow from the sidewalk.
A man in a wheelchair goes down a sidewalk on a cold winter day.
A woman in snow jacket shovels snow from a sidewalk.
A man breaks up ice with a spade.
A man shovels snow from a sidewalk into a tree lined planter.
Al's begins his skiing tips with an iron and a sponge.
Demonstrating what and how you would use it on the ski's.
He shows you on the ski's how to rub it on.
Then he explains a little more about the process.
There are four kids of varying ages playing kick ball in their backyard.
The girl in pink kicks the ball to her brother in the orange shirt while the little kids run around and play.
There's a little baby sitting on the ground in a baby bouncer watching them play.
There's a lady doing a tutorial on how to make a cotton soft Ogura cake.
She begins by mixing the ingredients in a large bowl placed on her kitchen counter.
She adds some eggs to the flour along with vanilla essence.
Then she uses a hand mixer to blend the ingredients together.
She then whips up some cream and sugar to make frosting.
She adds the frosting to the cake batter and mixes it well.
Then she pours the mixture in a baking bowl.
She places the bowl in a cookie sheet and places it on the oven rack.
She bakes the cake and pulls it out when it's done.
She also shows some other baked goodies that she has prepared.
A man sits in a room laughing.
The man joins a woman and man at a table eating.
The man sees a bobble doll and pushes it.
The man hits the doll and bounces a ball around the room knocking all the food off the table and making a mess.
The people laugh and the man cleans up and creates a whirlpool in the well which breaks and he ball smashes walls.
The man works out in a field.
Dust rises from the man and leafs fly through the sky.
An intro is shown followed by two people and a man talking to the camera.
The camera pans out to more people and shows them performing an exercise that swings their legs back and fourth.
The people continue following the instructor through various movements while he leads them in the exercise.
A group of people is building sand castles on the beach.
A girl waves to the camera.
A man is seen digging in the sand.
A girl is seen looking through a beach bag.
The girl finds what she is looking for.
A female basketball coach is seen instructing a group of girl basketball players who are standing in line on a basketball court.
The first girl passes to another coach and then runs to the net and takes a layup.
The girls continue to do the drill on the right side.
The girls move to the left side and perform the same drill on the left side of the court.
There's a man wearing a black athletic suit in a shot put field practicing shot put.
He begins by taking the ball in his hand and holding it against his neck.
Then he spins around and throws the ball far ahead.
man is in stage in the news.
people are in street jumping the rope and dancing while people gathered around them are watching them.
an old chinese woman is being interviewed.
old man is talking to the camera.
woman is holding a microphone talking to the camera jumping the rope.
woman is jumping the rope and doing somersaults.
women are being interviewed and behind her people are jumping the rope.
people are in stage in competition jumping the rope.
women are in street being interviewed and people keep jumping the rope.
person with scissors kneels in the grass.
We see the shadow of the cameraman over the person.
The person is cutting grass with child proof  scissors.
There's a young boy dressed in a black shirt and black shorts in a field playing with a hockey stick.
He is hitting the ball into the goal with his stick.
He swings the stick when another person throws the ball to him and aims it towards the goal.
Kids are jump roping in a gym.
They do flips over each other.
People in the audience clap for them at the end.
A toddler paint her lips with a lipstick.
Then, the toddler applies make up to her eyelids on front a blue mirror.
Next, the toddle takes more make up from a palette to continues applying to her eyelids.
A person is riding a bull in an arena.
People are standing in an arena around a bull.
A bull charges them and knocks them to the ground.
Men on the beach playing volleyball in the sand.
One of the guys hits the ball over to the other side and they hit it back.
Then on the other side of the beach there is a group of women also playing volleyball.
They are playing a really good game, one of the girl lands right on her stomach.
Various clips are shown of a man wake boarding and doing flips followed by him sitting on a boat and speaking to the camera.
Several more shots of him riding and speaking are shown as well as a blonde woman also wake boarding.
The two ride along the water together while the man continues to speak to the camera.
A man on the dock hands a rope to a water skier.
A person water skis and does jumps over ramps in the water of a lake.
The water skier falls but recovers then lets go of the rope and drifts over to the shoreline.
A large parade of people marching down a street is shown with several hundred people watching on the side.
The people continue playing the instruments as the camera pans around the large group of people and following the parade.
People running up the beach very quickly.
Then they start to make strange faces towards the camera.
They start bouncing and doing tricks on some kind of bouncy rope.
Some of the the tricks look like they are very extreme.
A woman in a hat and a vest stands buy a cart.
She is crocheting something black and white.
A car drives by the cart.
Another person reaches into the car.
A close up of a sign is shown followed by a person dipping paint.
The person is then seen spreading paint all around the area while another smiles to the camera.
The men continue to lay plaster down on the walls.
We see a flat tire on a car.
the owner takes out the spare tire and tools.
The person jacks up the car.
The person puts their hand under the raised tire.
The man takes off the bad tire.
The man shows a screw in his tire.
The man puts the spare tire on.
The man lowers the car on the spare.
A boy is running down a track.
The boy lifts his body above the height of a pole.
The boy lands on his back on to a red mat.
The boy gets up from the mat.
The boy celebrates by clapping and flexing both arms.
A man stands and observes.
Two adult men in helmets are teaching little boys how to play ice hockey.
The boys gather in a circle, hitting their sticks on the ground.
They then cheer and skate away.
A woman demonstrates how to apply wallpaper to a wall.
A woman holds up the various tools needed to apply wallpaper.
The woman demonstrates the process before applying the paper in short demonstration segments.
The woman then begins to apply the wallpaper to a wall step by step.
A team is playing basketball against another team.
They chase the ball all over the court.
They try to keep the ball away from their opponent, making baskets as they go.
A guy runs and jumps over a pole without touching it and lands on mats,as some people in the back ground watch and others do there practices.
the guy seems to be practicing how high he can jump by jumping over the pole many times,each time a person raises the pole higher and higher to see if the guy can jump over it.
one jump the guy knocked the pole down when he tried to hump over it.
the guy knock the pole down six time out of all his jumps.
A man prepares himself on a dock to go water skiing.
He launches into the water as the boat guns off.
The man holds onto the rope while gliding through the water, looking very confident and skilled.
The boat is tied up on the dock and the man is finished for the day.
A logo appears on the screen briefly.
A man talks to a group while standing in a raft.
A group of people are rafting down rivers with rapids.
They cheer by lifting their paddles.
They continue to raft down the river.
It cuts to the people on the bank at a campsite.
People are once again rafting down the river.
A person kayaks down the river.
Another person kayaks down the river.
Another group rafts down the river.
It shows monkeys on the bank.
People get splashed by a waterfall.
It cuts to the logo and information.
A body of water is shown below the trees.
A person is walking on a slack line over the water.
They get to the end of the slack line.
A person is seen sitting on a stool and piecing together several parts of a bike.
The person continues piecing the bike together and pans around the finished product in the end.
There's a guitarist in a green shirt demonstrating how to play an acoustic guitar.
Various types of guitars made from a variety of wood are shown.
The guitarist is strumming the guitar with his pick as he plays his music.
There are images of the guitar store and the kinds of guitars sold scrolling through the bottom of the screen.
The guitarist continues playing his guitar.
The gymnast approaches the bar with a leap.
She grasps the bar and begins to flip herself around the bar before leaping to the next bar and propelling herself up and over it repeatedly.
She launches herself in the air and lands on the mat.
Two people are shown pushing around a lawn mower and cutting the lawn.
The bump into each other when one turns around the other follows close behind.
The male walks up to the house and continues coming back around towards the woman.
How To Expo is demonstrating how to make a three bean salad with black beans, garbanzo beans and kidney beans.
The presenter shows minced garlic, chopped onions and chopped red bell pepper, along with chopped parsley and one teaspoon of cumin.
She also shows the dressing ingredients like olive oil, red wine vinegar and salt.
Then she takes a large bowl and begins mixing all the ingredients together.
She mixes everything with the three types of beans.
She takes large spatula and mixes everything well.
then she takes some olive oil and vinegar and mixes it together for the dressing.
She pours the salad into a plate and tops is with the salad dressing.
The  men on the field grab their tools.
We see men in a field cutting tall grass as other watch.
The left man uses a sickle and takes the lead over the man with the weed wacker.
The man with the sickle finishes.
The crowd claps for the man.
The shirtless man walks away.
The camera pans right to show the other man working on the grass.
A man stands next to a young girl dressed in a gymnastic outfit in a gym and talks to the camera.
The man then coaches the girl on the gym bars in a gymnastic practice session as the girl swings on the bars in a gym filled with other children practicing gymnastics.
The man then closes standing next to the girl again and talking into the camera.
There's man dressed in a black sweater playing the violin in a church.
There's a woman standing next to him, also dressed on black holding a violin in her hands.
There's a statue of Jesus Christ right behind them.
After the man stops playing the violin, the woman joins in and begins playing her violin.
there are a few people seated in the front row, watching the woman play.
A girl walks up the the center of the stage and messes with her feet and gets in position.
She pauses in that position before she begins to dance around.
She does a split and some poses all around.
She does some cart wheels and more dancing all around the court and finally she finishes.
A woman is throwing darts at a dart board.
The dart board is shown on the wall.
She continues to throw darts at the dart board.
She pulls the darts out of the dart board.
A gymaist stands holding is arm up and jumping onto a beam.
He moves his arms and spins himself round and round on a set of bars.
He does handstands and flips and jumps off to finish his routine.
There are two people talking about stilts used by stunt men.
They are standing on a street near several clubs and restaurants.
One of the men is demonstrating how the stilts are used in stunts.
Henry, the guy dressed in the white shirt is showing how high he can jump with the stilts and perform stunts.
He shows numerous tricks on how he jumps up high and over benches and tables.
He shows how he uses the Power Riser jumping skills on the streets and in the park.
A woman gets her hair cut very short in a kitchen by a woman with a pair of scissors.
A man, wearing glasses, talks into the camera in a close up shot before the camera pans to a woman seated in a soft chair and focuses on her upper arm.
The camera pans into a kitchen area and a seated woman holding up a lock of her own hair while another woman behind her ( the woman who was formerly seated) begins to cut her hair with  a pair of scissors.
The camera pans to a close up of the woman in the kitchen chair who has had most of her hair cut off  and now how a very short haircut.
The camera cuts again to the man who first appears in the film and a shot of a digital clock displaying the time.
People are walking in front of a white fence.
Behind the fence a man is riding a horse.
He ropes a calf and throws it down onto the ground.
He ties the legs of the calf and stands up.
He gets back on his horse.
A group of two women and two men pose together.
They are then shown performing an art exercise called zumba inside a building.
They dance back and forth in unison, then are shown posing together at the end as musical notes float across the screen.
A girl smiles at a camera holding a violin and pulls her hair behind her head.
She continues talking to the camera followed by her playing the violin.
She takes her hair down and continues talking to the camera and showing various violin moves while singing.
She once again puts her hair up and continues with her playing.
a man is seated at a piano.
He starts playing a tune, looking back and forth at the keys as he plays.
He stops, turning his head and speaking.
A group of women are gathered in an indoor gym.
They are being led by an instructor.
They are doing zumba dances using steppers.
A person is seen standing on a wake board point out and moving himself around.
The camera follows him gliding out into the water gradually going further and further.
An intro leads into a bearded man talking to the camera and presenting an object to the screen.
He uses the tool to push a carpet area over and continues talking to the camera.
A camera is held by someone under water and swimming in the ocean.
It pans to several shots of men playing soccer on a beach and kick the ball around.
The camera pans over the ball followed by several more shots of the man playing.
A woman cuts the nails of the back legs of a cat with a nail trimmer, while a person restraints the cat.
Then, the woman stands on front the cat, and the person holds the cat from a neck.
After, the woman cuts the nails of the front legs, but the cat kicks.
A person wearing black clothes enters the room.
A large group of people riding horses are walking around each other on a large field.
One of them throws a ball onto the field and the people begin playing a game on their horses.
A man on the side of the street drumming away on an actual drum set.
People are standing around waiting an watching him.
Cars are passing by and he just continues to drum like it's normal.
He jams out using the cymbals and everything.
A fast motion video is shown of various people raking leaves around a yard.
Two boys look around towards each other and continue raking the leaks until the yard is done.
A woman dressed in a black shirt representing the company Bents is standing in a garden and demonstrating how to use Cellophane to wrap a plant for gift purposes.
She cuts a rectangular piece of the Cellophane and place the pot over it in the center.
Then she brings to together the edges of the Cellophane towards the top of the plant.
She takes a decorate piece of ribbon to tie the scrunched up cellophane together to make it look like a bow on top.
A man is outside on a track.
He runs with a javelin in his hand.
He throws it as far as he can, raising his arms in victory.
There are a few girls doing gymnastics in a gym.
There's a young girl wearing an athletic tank top and shorts doing back flips in her backyard.
She continues to back flips in a fast manner.
She also does a back flip on the beach.
Then she does some more back flips in her backyard and in a park.
The girl then stretches her leg towards the back of her head to make her toes touch her head.
Several pictures of the girl are shown where she has participated as a cheerleader and in many gymnastic events.
There's an outdoor swimming pool with a very high diving board.
There's a woman in a green swim suit who dives down into the pool.
She is doing various diving moves such as backward, forward and pike.
She also does the hand stand before diving swiftly into the pool.
She repeats her steps and dives several times into the pool.
A man in glasses and beret is talking.
He is shown playing a harmonica while he also plays a keyboard.
He talks about the mechanics of the hormonica in between playing.
Two women are shown standing behind a shuffle board table when one pushes a puck across the board.
The other woman prepares her push and send it to a man standing on the other side.
They push the puck several more times while the camera follows their movements.
A person's hand is shown sticking a pen into some water followed by a bit of nail polish.
The water changes colors as the various paints are shown and the person creates a swirling pattern into the water.
The video shows a man in glasses and headphones, wearing a brown hat and shirt doing a tutorial on how to play a PVC flute.
He takes the flute in his hands and begins playing by moving his fingers along the holes as he blows into the flute.
He continues playing the flute till he finishes the tune.
The video is about Bristol BMX Club holding a biking event.
There's a man drawing a white starting line on the ground for the race.
The bikers get ready to begin their race.
They start the race and go through ramps and bumps.
The bikers are from various age groups ranging from teenagers to adults.
The races continue as the bikers make their way through the obstacle course of going over ramps and bumps.
Two men are shown sitting at a table with their arms crossed one another.
They grab each other's hand and begin an arm wrestling match with one yelling to the other.
One almost wins but the other pulls back quickly and wins while screaming and pushing.
The Livestrong website is showing a video on boxing.
A woman boxer, Jolie Glassman is demonstrating how to properly punch and box the punching bag.
She is in a gym demonstrating kicking and punching techniques.
A gymnast wearing red leotards is performing gymnastics on uneven bars in a large stadium with a several spectators.
She is doing front flips and back flips with swift motion without falling down.
After she's done, she gets off the uneven bars and walks off as she gives a high five to her coach.
An athletic man is seen running down a track into a pit.
Several more people are seen running down the track into a pit.
One after another more people jump.
There's a woman in a pink dress sitting with a man in a gray shirt.
They are talking about brushing teeth in underwear and how it is banned by Metacafe.
The man has a script in his hand that he's reading.
A man in folded pants is walking on the beach.
He picks up a toothbrush from the sand and begins brushing his teeth.
The woman in the bathroom is brushing her teeth and is attacked by a man with a knife.
There is blood splattered all over the bathroom.
The injured woman gets up and looks in the mirror only find out that she has the face of the man from the beach.
The same man is now back on the beach, walking along the shore.
Several people are preparing to play volleyball on the beach.
The camera zooms out and the people begin to play the game, tossing the ball back and forth to each other.
A camera pans around a lake and shows a boat moving along the water.
A person is seen riding behind the boat on a pair of skis.
More shots are shown of the boat riding around with a person skiing in the back.
A group of kids are playing indoor soccer.
The boys run, chasing the ball and fighting to get it away from each other.
One boy kicks into the opposing team's goal.
It is replayed in slow motion.
The boys continue playing for the remainder of the game.
On the final screen, an older man is shown holding a little boy in his arms.
A man is shown doing several different long jumps back to back while the camera captures him.
He swings his arms around to demonstrate a proper move followed by several more jumps.
Men and woman posing and smiling at the camera.
A groups men and woman dressed in cold water diving gear arrive in a van.
The divers march in single file on a dock to the water and pose with their diving gear on.
The divers are under water performing different sunken vehicles and playing around and posing.
The divers are featured in some trick photography.
The divers relax at a restaurant with their regular close on seated at a round picnic table.
A man talks to the camera smiling and transitions to him holding a pan and spreading butter into it.
He pours egg into the pan and pushes it around with several vegetables.
He finishes by putting the omelet onto a plate and eating one big bite.
Several clips are shown of men speaking to one another as well as riding on a dirt bike.
More clips are shown of people riding around and cheering with one another.
The riders continue to go around the track as well as show off jumps in the end.
A person with crazy hair appears and leads into her on a space ship with gravity essentially turned off.
She shows off the various items carried on a space craft and puts a lotion into her hair.
She combs the lotion in thoroughly and dries off her head with a towel.
She points to the camera and combs through her hair one last time.
Two men are shown playing soccer in a gym followed by a pan out showing more players.
The man is white leads the ball down the gym several times and performing various tricks and goals.
The game continues on with the men doing back and fourth playing with the soccer ball.
A man starts out riding a dirt bike and immediately crashes into the ground behind him.
The video follows several more people attempting to race a dirt bike and instantly crashing on the path in front of them.
A boy is standing out in the woods holding a piece of bark and talking to the camera.
A woman is seen making a stack of logs while the boy walks into frame.
She continues lighting the stick until a flame begins and puts it into the fire.
The fire gradually gets bigger and the woman puts more and more bark into it.
There are two women dressed in black and blue tank tops demonstrating how to use the hula hoop.
They both begin spinning with blue and silver hula hoops.
They are in a spacious room with little furniture and hardwood floors.
The woman in the blue tank top shows how to hula hoop in fast motion.
Then both the women show how to twirl the hoop by raising it high up above their heads.
They bend their backs to lower themselves down as the continue to hula hoop.
They talk to each other as they share tips about ways to hula hoop.
There is a badminton ladies double match taking place in an indoor court.
There are several spectators watching the match as the doubles partners hit the shuttlecock with their rackets.
The crowd cheers on as the match goes on and the players hit with their rackets back and forth.
An intro leads into a camera following around a lacrosse match and pausing to show off players movements.
The game continues on as the people play and run around chasing a ball.
There's a woman in a white shirt in an indoor tennis court hitting balls across the court.
She bounces the ball on the ground and then serves the ball across the net.
There are many different people in the pool swimming and the words "speedo How to guide series How to 'breathe' during your open water swim" appear on the screen.
A young lady in a bathing suit and a shower cap is sitting at the side of the pool talking while clips of her swimming are shown, and her name is Keri-anne Payne and is the 10km Open Water Silver Olympic Medalist.
The outro appears and it's a black screen with a speedo logo and the word speedo.
A man is skiing very fast down a hillside and hops one for fun.
He is now walking back up the mountain with difficulty.
He skiis and walks up various hills.
Skiis down a rather large hillside or mountain.
He jumps off a hill and tries to do a 360 but falls.
He skiis between some trees and on a path.
A girl with braided hair asks a worker at an equestrian center some questions.
The woman responds and talks about horse care.
The girl brushes the horse's mane.
The two continue going over horse care.
The girl and woman both work on brushing techniques.
The woman brushes the horses tail is lots of care as the girl watches.
A man is skateboarding, he jumps up on higher levels.
He kicks to build up some speed and does some cool tricks .
He gets off and then jumps back on the board and does more tricks all around.
He jumps up on a rail and then gets back down and sits on the board and waves.
A woman trying to instruct big bang theory's way of playing rock paper scissors lizard spock.
It shows a quick clip of Sheldon from big bang theory actually doing it.
Then, she tries to demonstrate it a few times for the viewers.
At the end she smiles and ends it with another big bang theory picture.
A woman standing outside near a tennis court talking about things.
A girl in all black with a baton practicing her moves and dances inside of the studio.
Her coach does an interview while sitting down with her hands held together.
The girl continues to practice by herself in the studio.
A hair dryer and advertisement are shown with some info about the dryer.
A woman shows how to use the dryer with different brushes.
The same woman then shows how to use the dryer with different attachments for different kinds of hair.
The dryer and advertising info are shown again.
A close up of a weight is shown.
Several individuals are shown lifting barbells with weights in various ways in a gym while other individuals watch or exercise in the background.
A screen with a logo and contact information is shown.
There's a diver participating in an event in a large stadium in lots of spectators.
He is jumping off the dash board and diving into the deep swimming pool.
While diving he accidentally bumps his head on the diving board and injures himself.
He expresses pain as he gets off the pool and his coach comes to help him.
The second time when the diver dives, he manages to successfully make it into the swimming pool without injuries.
Another historic diving event is shown where the diver accidentally hurts his head on the diving board while diving into the pool.
A man is close up to the camera introducing the video.
His wife is cleaning off a piece of white bedframe quickly.
The man again shows his face and goes back to his wife.
A rock band is playing a rock song in a black an white environment.
Several curlers are preparing for a curling match while the band plays.
the band and the curlers are both on the ice interacting with one another.
The video returns to the black and white environment where the curler and the band members are both singing.
The video focuses on a woman getting ready to curl while the others watch.
The video ends with the closing credits shown on the screen.
A man and two children paddle down a river.
Two canoes are tied together.
The water gets choppier as they go on.
The river is lined with many trees.
A residential security video is playing and shows an empty yard and road.
A man walking two dogs show up walking on the side closer to the camera, and he quickly notices another dog from the other side of the road suddenly coming his way so he tries to tighten up his dogs leash to gain control of them, but the other dog begins running towards them and starts attacking the man's dogs.
The man kicks the attack dog away and tries to regain control of his two dogs while the man and the other dog is on the other side of the road.
The man picks up one of his dogs and they resume walking.
A person begins clearing snow off of a windshield on a car.
They then clean the snow off the doors of the car.
They then clean the back window off of a car.
Two men are seen standing together with one speaking to the camera and the other laying on the floor.
The man kneels behind him and points to his body while the man laying door moves his arms and legs to demonstrate proper exercises.
woman is talking to a man in an icerink skating and holding hockey poles playing pulling the disc.
woman is in an hospital talking to a man.
man and woman looked the man that have bandage in his head.
Two teams are on the field playa game trying to score.
One of the players on the blue team falls down on the field.
Another blue player gets the ball from out of bounds, puts it on the line and hits back into the game.
Te coaches start jumping with joy as well as the players.
There's a girl talking about cheer leading, gymnastics and tumbling.
She is demonstrating how to do somersaults, cartwheels, round off and back and front walkover.
She also shows various other moves like aerial, tic- toc and back handspring.
She continues to demonstrate several other gymnastic moves by swiftly moving her body through front flips.
Several images of a bald man bowling are shown and then he appears and throws a curve ball.
Several videos from different locations are shown of the curve ball and the ball almost goes to the gutter but curves about two to three feet away from the bowling pins.
Some text appears on screen asking a question about a topic in SCUBA diving safety.
The scene changes to show a lot of SCUBA air tanks and some more text explaining more about the question.
A man is SCUBA diving underwater while holding his air tank in his hands and the text continues to explain.
The air tank is seen floating on it's own on the sea bed.
Another man is SCUBA diving and he lets go of his tank to demonstrate the buoyancy.
The scene switches back to the group of air tanks with more text explaining.
Another scene is shown with 2 tanks and a bag next to some trees.
A woman plays the drums and sings on stage.
The camera pulls back on the scene.
The woman finishes and stands up.
A man and woman dressed up on stage waiting to start their performance.
The performance begins and the start dancing very beautifully.
They work very well together, he picks her up on his shoulders.
They use the chair as a prop and dance until it time to stop and then they hug.
There are players, one in yellow and the other in red hurling in an open air stadium.
They are part of a team that is playing in the large stadium with several spectators.
The video is demonstrating how to catch the ball and scoop it up with the stick.
It also demonstrates how to balance the ball on the stick as the player runs.
The players are showing all the steps in the tutorial where the one of the player shoots the ball bravely for a point.
There's a player in a blue and white uniform shooting the ball for a point and scoring a goal.
A little boy doing karate is yelling commands.
He starts to do some of his karate moves, moving all around the court.
He is a blue belt being judged for his skills.
He bows gracefully before walking off and the judges throw up their flags.
A woman is speaking to her class about jump roping.
She puts the rope under her feet and starts demonstrating a little bit.
She begins to jump rope going very quickly.
She stops and continue to talk more before starting to jump again.
Two girls in karate class bow forward and then to each other before practice.
The girl dodges an attack by taking a knee while blocking a hit.
The karate students punch and block with their wrists.
The girl does a standing spinning kicks.
Several bikers are riding back and for the at a festival in the dessert.
A man dressed in women's clothing comes onto the screen and begins to hula hoop while a camera is attached to the hula hoop.
Several other people perform inside the hula hoop camera while the music plays.
Then several people are shown waling up to the hula hoop camera getting ready to hula hoop.
The man that is dressed as a woman gives some one a hug.
The video ends with people riding on a bicycle while the camera is attached to the bike.
There are two women in a bathroom washing clothes in blue buckets filled with foamy soap water.
The women soak the clothes in the soap water and rinse them out to clean them.
Then she put the clothes in a large metal drum that spins rapidly to drain off excess water.
They then go on top of their building in an open terrace where ropes are tied across the walls.
They begin hanging the clothes on the clothesline for drying.
A little boy in his pajamma's standing in the mirror watching himself brush his teeth.
He moves forward a little and spits out some toothpaste.
Then continues to brush, he puts the tooth brush down and grabs a cup of water gargles a bit and spits it out.
He finds this very amusing, and does it over and over until the cup of water is empty and then he gets down off his stool and cleans his face with a towel.
A woman sprays lotion and brush her hair.
Then, the woman makes a braid with the front hair and fasten it with a pin.
After, the woman makes a pony tail and spray lotion to her hair.
A young child is seen standing on a stage with others and one begins dancing in the middle.
The young boy then moves in the middle taking turns with others dancing around.
Another man moves to the middle to dance while others watch on the side.
A small group of people are seen standing around a table filled with solo cups and one catching a cup.
The man then drinks from a cup and proceeds to collapse onto the table.
A man is talking while standing in front of a large river.
A group of wild pigs are swimming behind the boat, trying to keep up.
The man gets to shore, and he and a boat mate are running on the beach, trying to escape the pigs.
A man in red in outside screwing in his rotors and putting his tire back on his truck.
He grabs pieces to tighten it and begins to make sure they are on super tight.
He does it repeatedly to make sure they all stay on well.
Otherwise it would be dangerous to drive on if they are loose.
A woman is getting ready to bath her dog in her front yard.
She takes a hose and wets the dog first.
There is another little puppy running around the dog and a little kitten too.
The woman takes some liquid soap and scrubs it on the dog.
After she's done washing, she wipes him dry with a towel.
then she bathes the little puppy the same way with soap and water.
The dog is playing on a rug after the bath is over with wet fur on his body.
The little puppy is running around the dog with wet fur too.
A woman comes onto the screen announcing that she will do a video on how to make a cookie dessert.
She begins with all the ingredients she will need for the cookies and begins to combine the dry ingredients.
She then proceeds to mix the wet ingredients in a glass bowl.
After she mixes all the ingredients together she begins to roll the dough into balls and place them onto a cookie sheet, and puts them into the oven.
She takes them out of the oven and begins to wrap them into individual sets.
The video ends with the closing credits.
The video is a tutorial on how to make Alfredo sauce pasta.
A lady with blond hair wearing a maroon tank top is demonstrating how to boil water to make bow-tie pasta.
She then strains the pasta out in a bowl by throwing out the excess water.
Then she takes a stick of butter and cuts it and adds to a saucepan.
then she adds some milk and cheese to it and stirs it in with the cooked pasta.
She adds some more milk and cheese to the pasta to make the sauce.
She continues stirring the pasta in the saucepan.
She serves the pasta in a square brown plate and takes a spoonful of the pasta to taste it.
She is happy with the way it turned out.
A black and white video is being played of people playing lacrosse on a field.
It then turns back to color and splits into multiple frames and speeds.
The video includes numerous clips of players in lacrosse games, hitting the ball toward opposing goals.
There's a woman in a pink shirt and black shorts training a dog on a large open lawn.
she is throwing pink colored Frisbee discs for the dog to run and fetch.
Every time she throws the disc, the dog gets excited and runs and fetches the disc for her.
The dog is well trained to catch the disc in its mouth almost every time without missing it.
there are are few people standing and watching the trainer and the dog.
Two little kids are eating an ice cream cone at mcdonalds.
They are licking and so happy to have ice cream.
The little girl is playing peek a boo with someone and both of their faces have ice cream on them.
They are just enjoying the ice cream very much.
Cowboys compete in a rodeo competition.
Men ride horses out of a gates and ropes a bull before dismounting and tying their its legs.
The winner waves his hat and is congratulated by the other riders.
A band is on stage and a girl with a trumpet and boy beating the drums are playing.
They have a little duet while the saxophones int he bank are paused.
The trumpet player walks over and picks up a bell.
Then it's just the drummer banging on the drums.
A white screen with blue and white shapes and black words flash across the screen.
A smiling black man is in a residential kitchen and he's wearing a santa hat and pouring ingredients into a large bowl.
A hand pushes a clear bowl filled with dark figs and a cutting board appears immediately afterwards and the instructions on the screen say to cut the stems off of 1lb of figs and quarter them.
While the list of ingredients are shown that include: 1lb Figs, 1lb Raisins, 1lb Cherries, 1lb Currants, 1lb Prunes, Port Wine and Angostura Bitters; they are all poured into a white bucket.
Stirring begins immediately and the instructions on the screen say to let it soak for at least two weeks to up to 30 days.
30 days later the contents are stirred and put into a food processor and turned into a paste.
The man greases a 10x3 round cake pan and covers it with parchment paper.
A list and bowls of more ingredients are prepared and poured into a large metal pot and stirred vigorously.
A large rectangular metal pan appears with instructions that say to fill it with a pan of hot water.
The circular cake pan that was previous greased appears, and the stirred contents are poured into it and placed into the pan of hot water where they're all placed into the oven.
When it's done baking and cooled the cake is put on a plate where it's glazed, cut and a slice is put on another plate.
A girl plays in a indoor plastic ball pool with a slide.
The girl climbs up the stair case then slides down the slide.
The girl climbs up a staircase then crawls through a tunnel.
The girl slides down into a ball pool then climbs back up the slide.
The girl plays with the tick-tack-toe board before sliding back down.
The child swings on a swing set.
The child walks into a trampoline room then jumps up and down.
The child walks over a suspension bridge then then over a bridge with nets.
The girl slides into the ball pool then climbs up onto the wall and jumps back in.
the girl climbs up the slide railing.
The girl slides down a steep orange slide.
Balls are thrown at the girl and she throws them back laughing.
There's a man sitting on a busy city street wearing a turban and smoking a cigarette.
There are several people walking past him.
He continues to smoke the cigarette as he inhales and exhales the smoke.
There is a lot of traffic on the street as well as many people walking on the street.
There are several people skating on the main road in the downtown area of a city at night.
The street is lit up with street lights and stores along the sidewalk.
The people skate through the road where there are no cars driving.
A young woman is standing behind a counter with a black skillet on it.
In her hands,she is holding two onions then the video rapidly shows her with a tomato,rutabaga and a bag of Cathedral City mature cheddar.
Next,she begins cutting each of the ingredients and adds butter to a skillet.
After it is fried for five minutes,the mushrooms go in the pot and three eggs are cracked.
The rest of the contents are added into a measuring cup then eventually all of the contents are poured into a frying pan.
After sometime,an omelette is created and put on a plate along with two slices of toast.
Cars are driving down the highway fairly quickly.
They stop, a man gets out and helps two women get out.
