We see a man fall in the water in reverse.
We watch people walk on a slackline over a body of water.
We see a series of falls.
A man makes it across.
We see a man climb a tree and get a coconut.
The pan puts a tap in the coconut and pours it in his mouth as he lays on the ground.
The man sits up and smiles.
man is standing in front of a kitchen cooking and showing the ingredients to a cook.
man put the ingredients in a pan and cook the chicken with the salad and serve it in a plate.
A large arena is seen with a person running by and pointing to the camera.
Several shots are shown of the athlete playing football and leads into him standing.
The man then runs down the field and long jumps into a sand pit and his jump is shown again.
A man adjust his camera and captures a close up of his hand and face.
A young child wearing a green shirt is playing some conga percussion instruments.
An older boy wearing a burgundy shirt moves into the picture behind the child who is playing the Conga's and begins to dance.
The boy in the burgundy shirt walks out of the picture as the young conga player also walks away as the camera follows him.
The young child returns to continue playing the conga's as a child wearing a blue shirt walks behind the young conga player.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and begins laying out tarp next to a tree.
The man cuts the tarp and begins putting mulch all around the tree.
People are floating down a river in tubes.
The trees are shown above the water.
A man puts his hands behind his head.
A flag is shown waving where it is stuck in the ground.
A group of people are standing outside the building, some eating.
A man shurgs at the camera as a game commences.
Athletes runs on an outdoors track of a field and pole vault during practice.
An athlete runs and pole vaults during an Olympic competition in a stadium.
Athletes make a practice jumps and dive under the rope and onto the mat.
A man is seen sitting on a stool while holing a guitar in his hands.
The camera pans closely around the guitar while the man continues to speak.
The man then plays the guitar a bit and moves his hands up and down the neck.
A man sits down in front of a bed.
He starts to play an electric guitar.
He finishes playing and stands up.
A belly dancer is seen moving herself along a stage and performing a routine while many watch.
She continues the routine and ends by shaking her hair around and bending backwards to pose.
A woman is laughing as she jumps rope inside a gym.
She continues jumping for a long period of time, speeding up and changing positions as men with cameras record her.
Several people are surfing on a large wave in the water.
A man and a little girl are swimming in the water.
A man is playing with a dog on the grass.
he then flips and throws a Frisbee.
The dog runs side to side and chases it.
He grabs two other Frisbees and tosses them around while the dog jumps.
He throws the Frisbee some more while the dog runs.
The dog continues jumping side to side and running in all directions as they get thrown.
Several couples are shown running outside and doing various activities outside in the sun.
More and more people begin talking and each of them has a bottle of sun screen and starts to squirt it on their arms in effort to protect their skin.
A small blue bottle of the sun screen is then shown and several more people begin talking about the product.
The website to buy the product is shown and the whole video plays again as if its looped.
The video begins with an introduction to Recipes in Motion about quick spaghetti sauce.
The video transitions into showing a ladle pouring the sauce onto noodles.
Someone begins to cut various vegetable with a knife, this includes a green vegetable and onions.
Next an empty metallic pan is shown as someone pours oil and the vegetables into it.
They then begin stirring the vegetables with the oil.
After this what other ingredients are added include tomatoes, spices and some type of liquid.
Everything is being stirred together.
The pan is removed and the stirred ingredients are blended.
The blended ingredients are put back onto the man and a red substance from a can is poured onto the pan and mixed in.
The sauce is completed and poured onto the noodles.
The video ends with with an orange background with information on where to watch more videos.
A technician walks along a roof and sprays it using a wand attached to a hose.
The man turns off his hose then walks along the peak of the roof.
The man sprays around the gutters with the wand.
The water comes out of the gutter onto the cement below.
A man is seen standing in a large field behind a piece of heavy machinery.
The man pushes the machine along some tall grass while the camera follows his movements.
The man continues pushing along the high grass.
A person is seen looking to the camera in several shots as well as a close up of a dirt bike.
People are then shown in several shots riding around a track and performing tricks.
The men ride around wooded areas as well as tracks in many shots.
A team of basketball players are shown on the right side of the court doing lay-ups.
After several turns,they move to the left side of the court and begin practicing the lay ups once more.
As they are going,a chair sits in front of them to serve as the marker and a man walks back and forth watching them go.
A woman runs down a dirt path.
She uses a pole to vault over a high beam.
A man is shown speaking to the camera excitedly and shows several shots of the man climbing a rock wall and various locations.
Then man then continues speaking to the camera and demonstrates how to properly climb the wall while still speaking.
A woman is standing in a messy kitchen in front of the sink preparing to cut something.
She grabs a potato and a peeler and begins taking the edges off.
As she continues cutting,two young girls walk in the kitchen and begin watching her and grabbing dishes.
We see a lady slowly playing a drum.
We pan right and see a man on drums.
We see a person in orange enter.
The lady stops drumming and shows her hands.
We then see the camera operator.
The lady and the boy in orange struggle over an instrument.
The lady pretends to bite the boy, then laughs.
We see a man enter the room.
A man is outside with a large metal box.
Another man is sanding a wall and ceiling inside a building.
They then sand the floors.
A person is seen running down a long track while holding a pole.
The person pole volts over the beam onto a mat and is shown again in slow motion.
A man attempts to lift a barbell.
He bends at the knees, lifting it to his chest.
He hits himself in the throat, falling backward.
Four bikers at the start of the line are wearing different colors of uniforms and helmets, they are about to get start the race.
The race started, the bikers bike and race in the race track where they jumped and hopped and went to the curb, the one player, when he reached the finish line, he fell on his side and stood up and walked towards the people.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera while holding a hula hoop and then proceeds to spin the object around her.
She continues hula hooping over and over again and leads into pictures of people hula hooping in the end.
Several people are seen standing around an arena while others stand to play shuffleboard.
A man pushes a puck along several times while others do the same behind him.
The people continue playing and end with a man speaking to the camera in the end.
There's a person wearing blue latex gloves polishing a hexagonal wooden table to demonstrate French polishing technique.
He is using a polishing sponge to polish the table top surface in circular motion.
He then goes in up and down motion over the table surface to make it shiny.
He meticulously goes over the entire surface making sure no part of the table is left untouched.
He then starts polishing the surface of a dinning room buffet that has bamboo finish doors.
He again polishes in circular motions on the top surface.
An athletic man is seen running down a long track and throwing a javelin off into the distance with others measuring his throw.
The man walks away and high fives a man in the crowd while his score is shown and another steps up to the side.
A man is standing on a stage performing different moves.
He walks off the stage and someone else walks onto the stage.
A man and two women are doing an aerobic dance inside a building.
They perform several moves, speeding up with time.
They stop, clapping and wiping the hair out of their faces when they are done.
A man shoots an arrow with his bow.
He grabs another arrow and shoots again.
Once more, he shoots an arrow.
He finds another arrow and shoots.
He takes another shot of an arrow.
Another arrow is grabbed and he shoots.
He takes another one and shoots it.
He grabs another arrow from his waist and shoots again.
He shoots an arrow once more.
He grabs a final arrow and shoots.
A person walks towards the hay where the arrows have been shot.
A man is sitting on a wave runner in the water.
A person is surfing on a large wave in the water.
The wave crashes over the surfer.
Rain is pouring down and a person is walking across the field pointing his finger across the field.
After,he is shown in a field holding his hand up starts to play lacrosse.
More games continue and the guy who was pointing begins making goals and leading his team.
We see the title screen on white A lady sits in a chair talking.
The lady starts painting on her hand.
We see the closing credits on a white screen.
man is walking in a backyard shake the tree holds a broom and sweep the dry leaves on the floor.
man go for a dustpan and a bag and pick up the leaves from the floor.
A man is on a tighrope in the snowy woods.
He bounches high into the air, off the rope and back on.
He continues this action throughout the video.
A man competes solving a puzzle cube.
A person pass behind the man.
A hand extends a sheet on front the player.
After finish, the man puts on his glasses.
The man is surfing on the waves and fall in the water.
The man is surfing while other surfers are behind him.
The surfer is surfing over the water and fell near the rocks.
A man in a Batman shirt is sitting down talking.
A person starts welding a piece of metal.
He takes a brush and brushes off the piece of metal.
He puts all the pieces in a black bag.
A young man is seen sitting behind a drum set holding sticks.
The man begins playing the drums continuously while the camera captures his movements.
He is still seen playing the drums and ends with his hands up.
A small child is seen swinging at a pinata with a large group of children behind them.
More kids stand up to take a swing at the pinata as parents walk around the kids.
One last girl attempts to break the pinata in the end.
A person opens a round box and take off a bottle of nail polish and puts on holder.
Then, the person puts a nail on a round support on the box, then paint her nails.
After, the woman close the nail polish bottle.
A woman is seen standing in a large circle and bending herself forward.
The woman then spins herself around and throws an object off into the distance.
The woman does this several times afterwards.
The credits of a clip are shown.
A person skies and slides on a platform.
A person falls on the ice.
A person skies and does flips.
A person puts their gloved hand on the camera.
The credits of the video are shown.
Several dirt bikers are standing under a garage behind a stand preparing to race.
Someone calls a mark and they all stand up on their pedals preparing to be released.
The bar is finally let down and the boys begin racing throughout the track that's covered in hills as people stand throughout it to watch them.
A large group of people are seen running down a track and transitions into several more people running.
Two girls check their wrists while one speaks to the camera and several shots of a wristband are shown.
More people are interviewed while wearing the wrist bands and show how they work while many run around.
A man is outside in a field of grass pushing a lawn mower back and forth.
Once he makes it to the other side of the strip,the person with the camera walks closer to him and starts to talk to them.
After,the guy with the lawn mower begins to laugh and continues cutting the yard.
A show of a dumpster is shown as well as women in gear standing in front of it.
The woman edges herself along the dumpster while other people walk into frame.
The woman then moves herself around on roller blades while the camera follows her movements.
A woman is brushing her teeth.
A woman approaches behind her.
The woman stops brushing her teeth.
A woman smiles really big.
a child is sitting on a counter with a container of water colors.
She is using a paint brush to apply the paints to her face.
She then starts putting the paint all over her chest.
woman is standing in kitchen talking to the camera and showing ingredients that are on top of a counter.
woman holds a lemon and squeeze it in a plastic water jar and mix it with sugar.
woman holds a knife and chop the lemons in small pieces and add soda to the jar and the chopped lemons along with strawberries.
A large exercise machine is shown.
A man sits down and starts working out on the exercise machine.
A baby is seated in a swing, rocking gently.
A little girl is seen swinging herself back and forth.
Then a toddler and baby look at each other as they continue to lightly swing.
People are playing a game on a field using horses.
The camera person rides near the parking lot on the right.
The camera person rides near the parking lot again.
The person slows down near the goal.
People are doing tricks on roller blades.
A man jumps down a flight of stairs on roller blades.
A man in a white shirt jumps down a flight of stairs.
A drawing of a court is shown on the screen.
We see a game of soccer in progress on an outdoor field.
The men are kicking the ball away from each other.
They try to get the ball into the opposing goals.
A man stands around a fire pit, talking.
The man lights a torch.
The man uses the torch to light the wood in the fire pit.
The man sits by the fire pit, enjoying the warmth.
Several people are seen wandering around an indoor field with one pole volting over a bar.
The same shot is shown again in slow motion as well as several other attempts the boy makes.
He attempts the jump several more times while people watch him on the sides.
A group of cheerleaders are shown practicing their routine in a gymnasium.
The scene transitions to one cheerleader being interviewed while others stretch in the background, with occasional cheerleader-related clips interspersed.
A man wearing blue is interviewed in the same setting, with occasional cheerleader-related clips interspersed.
Another man is interviewed in the same setting, with occasional cheerleader-related clips interspersed.
The camera returns to the man in blue being interviewed, with short cheerleader action sequences.
The camera returns to the first individual interviewed, with short cheerleader action sequences.
A small group of people are seen riding around on bumper cars while bumping into one another.
The kids continue driving the cars around when a man walks in and out of frame making sure the kids and parents are safe.
A woman is seated as a person with gloved hands inserts a hole into her tongue.
The person clamps her tongue, then inserts a piercing.
She is then shown smiling and showing off her stud.
A person's hands are seen at a poker table grabbing cards while another deals.
The dealer continuously throws out cards while also putting chips in.
The person playing does the same several times.
There are three body builders exercising and working out in a small gym with weightlifting equipment.
One of the body builders lifts the weight bar several times and then drops it down while the other two body builders watch him.
Then he goes and wipes off his sweat with a towel and lifts the weight bar again and drops it.
He then wears an abdominal belt and lifts the weight bar again and drops it.
He struggles to lift the weight bar, lifts it slightly and then drops it down.
A logo and the words Master Lube TV show up on a black screen.
A young man is standing and talking in a business while other young men are cleaning and detailing the inside and outside of a silver vehicle.
The now cleaned vehicle pulls out of the garage and drives away from the business.
The vehicle is now parked and two young men are wiping it down with a a dry cloth.
More clips of the young man talking solo and all the cleaning they did previously replays.
A red, white and blue flag with the words "HAND CAR WASH" blows in the wind.
More clips of the young man talking solo and replays of the cleaning loops as words below the man show up and read "MasterLube Hand Car Wash 750 Broadwater Ave (406) 294-5530.
Flags are show again and it fades to a black screen with a logo and the words MasterLube.
A woman wearing a wig is seen blindfolding another girl while others watch on the sides.
Kids are playing on the bouncehouse and a woman spins around the blindfolded girl.
The girl swings around at a pinata and hits then walks away.
A man and a woman are standing in a bar.
We see the man and a woman ballroom dancing.
The lady kicks her leg out behind and in front of her.
We zoom in on the legs of the dancers.
The camera goes blurry and the scene ends.
A weight lifter opens his mouth wide.
He lifts a giant barbell with all his might.
He lifts it to his chest, then over his head.
Several people are seen in different scenes, walking in public.
A man helps a woman mount a horse in the woods.
She feeds the horse apples as they ride through the wooded paths.
A camera pans around a shirtless man sitting in the snow followed by the man snowboarding and men riding up a hill.
Several shots are shown of people riding down the snowy hill and doing tricks in front of the camera.
Guys are standing around near a stall.
A guy horseback riding chases a cattle.
The guy lassoes the cattle and gets off his horse to tie up the cattle's legs.
Two men remove the rope around the cattle's neck and legs.
The cattle rises and runs away.
A person is seen tying their shoes and leads into several shots of people jumping and moving around on rope.
Several shots of landscapes are shown as well as more people attempting jumps and tricks on a long rope tied to trees.
A large river is seen followed by a person riding down in a tube.
Another person is also seen riding in a tube.
The two ride down the river together and pass other people sitting alongside the river.
woman is standing in the middle of stage playing the flute.
women are standing in sage behind the woman with the flute standing holding microphones.
men are standing behind the women playing different instruments.
A man is seen sitting on a horse with a rope in his hands.
He then rides in on a horse and ropes up a calf with the rope.
Several people are shown riding in and roping up cattle while others watch on the side.
A young man in a green jacket is standing in front of a mound of dirt and is talking about his maintenance tasks.
The man then comes in the back yard with a green wheelbarrow and dumps the dirt in the back yard.
He then takes his rake and moves the dirt back and forth around the house evening it out.
When complete,he disappears and a path of mulch is seen along the garage.
This video shows people participating in the world artistic pool championship.
Smooth, but suspenseful music is playing throughout the whole video as people shoot pool balls into the holes by themselves.
Not everyone is participating, some people are just watching and others are walking around for some other reasons.
A young man is sitting down in a room talking to three other people serving as news anchors.
The video then flips to a bar and shows Obama playing a game of pool.
After,the four people begin talking again about the former president and his attire.
A woman is shown, playing with her hair.
A salon artist appears, and his tools are shown on a table.
The woman blows her hair dry before posing, and is shown step by step creating curls in her hair with his tools.
She adjusts and brushes her hair, then shows off the final result.
A man is crossing a slack line.
He puts something in the trunk of a car.
He crosses the slack line onto the other side.
A woman washes her hands at a sink.
The woman towels her hands dry.
The camera shows a closeup of her dropping liquid into a contact lens.
The contact lens is held up for inspection.
The woman rubs the contact lens with the fluid.
The woman puts the lens on.
The woman removes the lens.
The lens is held up for inspection.
The woman removes the lens from her eye again.
The woman cleans the lens with solution.
The woman places the lens into a container.
A woman is seen walking onto a large gym floor while holding a baton and striking a pose.
The woman then performs a dance routine with the baton throwing it up into the air and spinning around.
She continues spinning around and holds a pose in the end and walks away from the judges.
A woman is seen wiping off her feet and stepping into a circle pit.
The woman then spins around and throws a discuss off into the air while the camera follows her.
A chef in a white chef’s uniform stands in an empty commercial kitchen and demonstrates how to make an omelette.
A chef stands in a kitchen talks to the camera before taking an egg and pouring it into a mini black skillet.
The chef maneuvers the egg over the stove with a fork gently prodding it.
The chef then fold the egg in half in the skillet and plates it on a white plate before turning to the camera and talking again.
A large group of women are seen standing in a room and begin belly dancing.
The woman dance with one another performing the same routine and one woman dancing in front.
The women continue dancing with one another and end by walking around.
Two people are outside in ball dancing in a plaza as a group of people surround them and watch.
People come and go to watch the two people dance and then they finally stop dancing,bow and grabs a cloth to wash their face.
A man in a red apron is talking.
He is rubbing something on a board and ironing it.
He's scraping the top of the board he ironed.
A woman makes a tattoo in the arm of a girl while cleaning with a tissue.
The girl makes pain gestures in the face.
A lady speaks in a kitchen with a medal on the screen and we see shots of cake and cooking.
We see the lady make  a cake and give instructions.
The lady takes and prepares her cake pans.
The lady mixes her dry ingredients then mixes them in the mixer with red food coloring and pours them into cake pans cooks and cools them on racks.
The lady makes frosting in the mixer and puts frosting in between the layers of cake and on top.
The lady cuts the cake and we see the ending title screen.
Two teams are standing at the scrimmage line together waiting to play the game.
The game begins and the two teams fight each ferociously in a game of Lacrosse.
One person gets hit so bad,he is out and remains laying down on the field as the rest of the players take off down the field.
A painting of a cloudy sky over mountains is displayed on a canvas.
A brush begins painting blue onto the canvas.
A complete image is shown in brilliant colors of a beach before going back to the brush strokes in progress.
The ocean is completed in the final scene.
A leg wearing a blue pants with red and white lines is shown, it moves on the snow,  the legs were crossed as the lifebuoy moves on the snow.
A person from afar is on a lifebuoy sliding on the snow.
A gymnast is standing near a bar with her hands in the air.
The girl gets on the bar and performs.
The girl flips on the bar.
The girl performs 2 flips and almost falls off the bar.
The girl  does 2 perfect flips.
The girls flips, then runs, flips and dismounts.
The cloud claps as she walks away.
a group of people are sitting in a sauna fully clothed.
One guy stands up with a violin.
The guy begins playing the violin and dancing.
The guy kicks his shoe off while dancing.
The guy sits down and plays the violin.
A balded man is seen speaking to the camera with a head sitting behind him with a head full of hair.
He then cuts the hair on the dummy in a certain fashion and the camera zooms in on the finished result in the end.
Various clips are shown of landscapes as well as people riding along on boats and a man speaking to the camera.
The man dives into the water and is shown in several clips swimming around and fish moving along as well.
The man gives hand gestures to the camera and swims to the surface when another man grabs his gear and he speaks to the camera.
More men speak to the camera as he jumps in.
A close up of a woman is shown speaking to the camera holding an ice cream in front of her face.
She takes multiple bites of the ice cream while the camera pans around her body and several other people surround her.
A couple is seen with a crowd, going up a snow covered hill.
They tube down the snowy hills.
The people slide down steep fast curves on the intertubes.
A woman is kneeling down on a blue mat.
She has a metal weight bar on her shoulders.
She moves up and down lifting the weight.
We see the title card for the product.
We see a lady cleaning her floor.
We see the vacuum attachment product and see the product in action.
The lady shows each side, and we see her attach the product.
We see the lady mopping.
Then we see the ease of using the attachment.
We see the lady relaxing after cleaning.
We see the attachment product again.
We see the lady giving a thumbs up.
The title screen returns to end the video.
We see an opening title screen.
Two people are carrying kite surf boards to the water and we see people riding them in the water.
We see the board up close.
We see a man riding and come to a stop.
We see the board up close again.
We see the man riding the board in the water again.
We see the ending title screen.
A man first salutes and then does karate inside a room while spinning on one leg, next he makes salute.
A male makes the cross signal in a squatting position, then he spins his body.
Then, the man and the male fight while jumping and kicking.
After, the male kick the face of the man with his feet and does a spin with a hand on the floor while the man lands on a foamy mat.
Girls are shown one at a time, using pvc pipes to vault in an indoor gym onto a mat.
Finally a boy is shown vaulting as well.
People walk past the camera .
The camera zooms in to show people swimming in the pool and some playing volleyball in the pool.
One person gets out of the pool and walks away.
A person throws the ball at someones face.
People throw the balls so far that they go out of the pool.
A black and white video plays and one of the men is Bruce Lee and he's very skillfully and creatively hitting the ping pong ball back and forth to another man who is holding a ping pong paddle, while Bruce Lee hits the ping pong ball with nanchucks and the man with a paddle can't keep the ball on the table.
Now there are two men at the end of the table who are both holding paddles and playing against Bruce Lee as they attempt to keep the ball on the table but ultimately fail.
A black screen appears with white Asian lettering in the middle, then a website that say's "www lee35 come cn".
A man in a black shirt is talking on a basketball court.
A boy is playing basketball on the court.
woman is standing talking to the camera holding a microphone and interviewing voleyball players.
men are standing in a sandy field being interviewed.
men are in sandy field showing he girl how to play beach soccer.
woman is sin front of the net talking to the camera.
Several multi colored and shaped kites fly high in the air above a beach setting interspersed with images of people preparing to fly kites and onlookers.
Several kites fly in the air, in a bright blue sky, over a sandy area.
A man is seen kneeling over some equipment in the sand.
More kites fly as people watch the varied styles of kite, including one kite shaped like a dog.
People are playing lacrosse on a field.
A woman in a blue shirt is holding a lacrosse stick.
They continue to play lacrosse.
A man in brown jacket is pulling out an arrow from the target board, then he was talking to the camera, then he pull out his bow and started to use it with his bow to hit the target board, he fired his bows several times.
The man went to the target board and talked to the camera.
Various crowd scenes at a bullfight arena are shown.
Matadors walk out into the ring area.
A parade of horses and riders is shown.
Scenes of matadors interacting with bulls are shown.
The crowd cheers for a matador.
Matadors are hoisted on people's shoulders and paraded.
A large group of people are seen jumping rope in a gymnasium while moving back and fourth with the camera.
A woman stands in front to instruct the group and continue jumping rope and then stopping.
The people then do a warm up with one another and stretch with the woman leading in front.
A comedian is seen speaking to the camera and leads into a bull running into a pit and various clips of men fighting bulls.
A close up of the bull fighting is shown and pans back to the comedian speaking to the camera.
Two teams play a game of indoor soccer.
Players from the white team dribble and pass the ball all the way down field and make a goal.
Players from the blue team dribble and pass all the way down field and make a goal.
A member of the blue team battles two defenders near goal and makes a point.
Players take corner kicks and assist a goals.
A man is seen sitting in front of a woman who begins playing a piano.
Another man is seen sitting next to her playing an accordion.
The man and woman play together while smiling and nodding and end by stopping and the man applauding.
A baby is sitting in a swing.
The baby is laughing and shaking its feet.
The baby turns to the side of the swing.
A man wearing a blue shirt throws a bowling ball down a bowling alley.
The ball strikes both pins and bounces into the adjoining alley striking the pin down there too.
A seated man in a red shirt shakes his head.
The man in the blue shirt walks back.
A little girl is inside a covered porch.
She swings a baton at a small pinata.
She is blindfolded as she continues to swing again and again.
A shot of a gym is shown followed by several clips of a person attempting to pole volt and others socializing.
Several people speak to the camera and lead into them pole volting.
More people are seen speaking to one another as well as the camera and using a pole to get over a bar.
A sports logo flashes on the screen.
A woman talking into a microphone wearing a white shirt.
A man is playing pool behind a blue pool table.
The woman continues talking in front of the pool table.
The woman and the man talk to each other.
A trophy flashes on the screen.
The man and the woman continue talking.
The man plays pool again.
The man and woman continue talking to each other.
It flashes back to the pool table.
The man and woman continue talking and the woman laughs at what the man is saying.
The man is now teaching the woman how to shoot the pool ball while standing behind her.
The woman makes the shot and they celebrate with a high five.
The man is telling the woman how to make another shot.
She attempts the shot and makes it and they high five again.
They continue talking and laughing.
The woman lays down on the pool table and he shoots a ball out of her mouth.
The woman is sitting in a chair next to the pool table talking into the microphone.
A Maxim logo flashes on the screen.
A kid is sitting behind a drum set.
He starts playing the drums in front of him.
He stands up and waves at the crowd.
A young man with Downs Syndrome bowls.
Another young man throws a bowling ball.
The first young man celebrates after a successful throw.
A man drives his car to the beach.
He gears up for the surf.
He then surfs across a large wave.
He finishes and stands on the beach.
Various clips are shown of people playing on the beach as well putting sunscreen on and carrying objects.
A large explosion is shown followed by kids fishing with a man and more clips of people playing on the beach.
A dog is seen wandering around a yard as well as a man speaking to the camera.
The dog moves around the area while the man continues to speak to the camera.
The dog runs back and fourth while the camera zooms in on his face.
A young man bend to lift a weight to his shoulders, then he lifts the weight above his head.
The young man lets the weight falls on the floor.
After, the man flips, and then a man comes and hugs the young man.
Two dancers engage in a ballroom dance in front of a live band and a full televised audience.
A woman in a ballroom outfit approaches a man in a ballroom dance, when the two meet they begin to dance across the floor using elaborate footwork during the dance.
A phone number inviting people to call in and vote for them appears on the screen along with the network logo.
The two continue to dance exhibiting slides, pickups, a last kiss and slides on the dance floor as the people in the audience clap.
man is waxing a woman's leg.
woman is talking to the camera and showing how to wax the leg.
A woman is seen washing dishes in a sink while a man speaks to the camera and zooms in on the dishes.
The man continues to speak to the camera and demonstrate how to properly wash dishes.
A man is in a worship, talking in front of a piece of wood.
He sands the piece of wood down, then wipes sealant or stain onto the wood.
A person jumps and land on the sand.
A man runs fast and jumps high to land on the sand, then stand and goes skiping to his sit, while people walk in the stadium.
A man talks sitting in an elegant room.
A man pass on front the crowd, then jumps and bend on the floor to celebrate.
Three athletes stand on the podium, then a man runs and jumps to land on the sand.
A person runs and jumps wearing bouncing shoes, and a man make a surprised face.
People wearing bouncing shoes bounce and jumps in a gym, a presenter talks and also tries the bouncing shoes.
A man bounce and jumps high in the beach, in the street.
Then, men flip over wearing bouncing shoes, after a man plays basketball wearing bouncing shoes in a gym.
A person rides a bike in the gym.
Two men wearing bouncing shoes stand front to front in a TV set.
A man is kneeling on a field.
He picks up a heavy ball, and uses it to perform numerous exercise techniques.
He then sets it back down on the grass.
A group of men are standing in a row.
They are throwing darts at targets.
The people converse as they try to hit their targets.
A hand is seen putting weights on a bar and leads into a person lifting weights on their shoulders and walking.
The person sets the weights down and walks back with the weights lunging.
A girl is on a low beam, preparing to flip.
She flips forward, then turns backward with her arms outstretched.
A video of vodka being poured into a martini glass is shown.
A woman stands behind a bar with bottles and ingredients.
She mixes the alcohols into a glass, then shakes them up before decorating and displaying the drink.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while a woman works out on a machine in front of him and adjusts the settings.
The man continues moving on the machine showing off it's different settings while the man continues to speak to the camera.
The young girl in gray shirt is brushing the thong, while the female in blue t-shirt is washing the pans, and the other girl is holding a sponge.
The older girl in blue is washing the knife, while the other one is wiping the bowl.
The girls put the clean dishes on the rack to dry it.
A young girl is sitting down in front of a screen and begins talking as she is holding a bottle of blue mouthwash.
The girl then takes the mouthwash and starts to put it over head and playing with is while making funny faces.
After taking about it,the girls takes a gulp of it and starts to gargle it and holds it in her mouth.
Finally,she spits it out and takes a drink of water before the replay is shown.
People are playing lacrosse on a field.
They score a point into the net.
Two men high five on the field.
A woman in a pink shirt sprints down a track and jumps into sand.
A replay of her jump is shown several times.
She walks away onto the grass.
Two people are playing racquetball .
The ball comes around behind the players.
They resume playing and jumping.
The ball again gets by the players.
The man in yellow restarts a new match.
The man in blue walks to the window and messes with a sticker.
The man in yellow tries to restart a new match.
The man in blue hits the ball in the corner and it rolls back.
They start another round of racquetball.
A little boy runs fast to his swing set and his dog runs after him.
He climbs up the slide and and slide and his little brother comes up to play too.
The mom comes over to play on the sea saw with one of the boys and he falls off.
They play for a while going from one part of the set to the next.
The athlete who is wearing gray tights and black shirt with number 2 on it started go on the beam and started to swirl around.
When he got of from the beam, he walked towards the yellow container that contains white powder, then went back to the beam and did his tricks by swirling around.
man is in a swinging make a kind of somervault on the air.
the man makes the big jump in the air and lands in a bike and stat riding it.
men iss swinging in a green grassy yard.
A shot of a sunset set is shown followed by peaking smoking and walking around a paint ball pit.
The men speak to one another and lead into running around and playing paint ball.
They pauses for a few moments to speak to one another and the camera captures the shooters from different angles.
Three people do a basketball drill of driving to the hoop.
They take turns playing different positions and doing a layup.
A person holds a coffee mug in a pool of koi.
The koi swim towards the coffee mug.
The camera follows a person in red pants snowboarding down a slope.
The camera briefly pans away from the woman to focus on the slope.
The camera pans away from the woman to focus on the slope.
A girls has a pole and she is blindfolded.
She swings at a pinata and misses.
She steps closer and tries again, hitting it this time.
She backs up as a dog comes into the picture.
She keeps swinging at missing.
She stops for moment, takes a hard swing and hits it.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into shots of him walking down a hallway and getting a coffee.
He grabs sugar, puts a lid over his coffee and then smiles off in the distance while walking away.
People are sitting on the sand on a beach.
People are surfing on large waves in the water.
A boy lays a towel out onto the sand of the beach.
People continue to surf on the large waves of the water.
A guy waves and then speaks.
A male approaches and grabs a plate.
The male takes the plate to the sink.
The male dips the plate into the water and uses a white rug to wash it.
The male rinses the washed plate.
The male soaks the white plate and then puts it on a dish drying rack.
The male gives a thumbs up.
A man is positioning a camera and then walks into a room through a wall of glass with three walls in them.
When he enters the room,another man appears with a racket in his hand and they begin hitting the ball up against the wall.
The two go back and forth hitting the ball and they eventually stop when neither of the men are able to get to the ball.
A girl and a dog is in the field.
The girl is holding two frisbee, then she walked and turned side by side and the dog roll over in front of her, the dog touched the knees of the girl, the girl walked with her hands up and the dog walked with his two front paws up.
The girl threw the frisbee and the dog chase of it and placed it on the ground.
man is standing in front of a white cloth in a studio doing exercise in an elliptical machine showing the characteristics of the bike.
woman is doing the same that the man, watching the elliptical and doing exercise.
A man sits in a room and discusses.
The man holds up a coffee cup while talking.
The man takes a few drinks from the coffee cup.
A man takes a moment to himself before he starts playing the guitar.
The man plays the guitar.
The man quits playing the guitar.
A close up of a dart board is seen that leads into darts appearing.
A person's hand takes off the darts and more darts are shown hitting the board.
This happens several more times while the camera captures it's movements.
A man is seen blowing a kiss as well as taking off his jacket and interacting with another man.
The man prepares his arm as the other grabs his hand and he pretends to kick his head.
More people step up to arm wrestle this man while food is being shown and the loser gets food all over him.
People watch a parade where people walk on front a marching band holding a banner and waving the viewers.
A man cross the street holding a small flag and extend his hand.
A group of soldiers holds rifles and flags on front a black car.
A veteran make the military salute.
A man talks in the woods holding a can and key chain.
Then, the man takes the key chain and points the lower part of the can.
After, the man pocks the lower part of the can and intermediately opens the can and drinks from the hole of the can.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into him holding a set of tools and presenting them to the camera.
He then uses the tools on bushes nearby while still looking to the camera to speak.
a room with a table without painting is shown and a emery is on top of it.
man walks into a room and use the emery on the top of the table.
man take out the glasses and cleans the disc of the emery.
A black screen appears with with white words reading, Winter Sedona,AZ.
A man begins walking through a field of trees and shrubs,wearing a yellow hat,cardigan,boots,and a bag.
He then stops and begins playing a wooden recorder.
The camera zooms in and he continues playing the recorder and various forms of the surrounding landscape is shown.
An young male Caucasian is sitting in a room behind a keyboard.
Before he plays,he begins to talk and make movements across three black keys with his right hand as he continues to talk.
He finally begins to play and you can see his hand moving rapidly across the keyboard on the left side of the screen.
For his final chords,he takes his hand off the board and moves his head around in a circle.
A small collie is standing on top of a table.
He is tied in place, and a man begins brushing him all over.
He stands still as he is being groomed.
A pink and yellow logo with lips appears on screen.
A male hairdresser works on the hair of a seated woman in a luxury beauty salon.
The man dries and applies product to the woman's hair.
Several people begin walking into a room wearing Kangaroo shoes and bouncing around.
On the left side of the room,there is a bar on two poles that is about five feet high that each person takes turns jumping over.
A black screen advertises the video.
A man is shown lying down while someone shaves his beard.
The blade is shown very close to the skin as the man shaves him carefully, rinsing between scrapings.
The screen fades to black as the man finishes the shaving.
A still shot picture of a body of water appears and yellow words appear on the screen and read "AMERICAN DISK" and include the website.
A brunette woman is now speaking next to the water and she's smiling the whole time.
Various clips of people play and they are all standing next to or in the water as well and they all appear happy.
People are now on the water and doing various different things, with a large circular board that they're either standing, sitting, squatting, kneeling, riding or doing tricks on while they sometimes are getting pulled by a fast moving boat.
A black screen appears and the yellow words are displayed on the screen and read "The Disk", and once again the brunette woman is speaking while standing by the water.
The screen then goes to black and displays their website in yellow letters.
A lady dances around on an aerobic stair in a fitness gym.
The lady spins off of the step.
The lady touches her toes to the step.
The lady repeats the routine repeatedly.
The lady steps off of her step in front of it and looks at the camera.
A woman is standing in a kitchen while talking.
She shows a bag, pushing on it with her fist.
She closes it up, and shows how it stays in shape.
We see a person sharpen a knife on a sanding disc.
The person touches it and turns it off.
The person turns it on and then off off.
We see the man talking to the camera.
A boy is barefoot, pushing a lawn mower in his yard.
A little girl runs by as he mows.
We see an opening title screen.
We see an electric shaver from various angles.
The man unwraps the product and takes it out of the bag.
The product is being taken out of it's packaging.
The man shaves his hand then adds a guard and shaves his beard and the hairline in back.
The man rinses the shaver and works on his neck.
We then see the ending screen.
A man sits with shears resting in hand in a rose garden.
The man clips dead roses from a rose bush with shears.
The man clips whole branches near the base of the rose bushes.
Dying rose bush leaves a seen up close.
Healthy rose bush leaves are seen up close.
A group sits on horses as the stand and take a rest.
The group rides on the horses along a trail.
A man is seen holding a small child while looking and smiling to the camera.
The two then climb on a camel and ride around while waving to the camera.
The two ride back together with the woman leading them in front.
A billboard is shown on a wall.
Kids run out onto the stage and get in formation.
A banner is placed at the front of the stage.
The kids start cheerleading on the stage.
The kids in the front hold up the banner.
They run off of the stage.
A man is sitting behind a table completing a Rubik's cube.
A person in a blue shirt is standing next to the table holding a stop watch.
The man completes the Rubik's cube and sets it down.
He hugs a person that walks up next to him.
A guy is skiing with a camera on his helmet to show us what he is seeing as he ski.
the guy ski down the hill and passes a guy that was in front of him.
As the guy skis he start to come cross other skiers also skiing,finally the skier makes it to the end of down hill slop and comes to a stop.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera holding a hula hoop and leads into her spinning around the hula hoop.
The woman continues to push the object around her waist while spinning herself around as well as dancing in place.
man is standing in front of a counter showing how to sharpening a knife.
in the background man is cooking in the back counter.
man is explaining and checking the areas of the knife.
An unseen person navigates several Amazon dot com pages on exercise equipment.
An Amazon page showing an exercise machine alone is shown, followed by another image of a Amazon page showing a woman using an exercise  machine along with a price and information about the equipment.
Another page showing a eliptical trainer is shown in which an active computer mouse is navigating the review for the item at which point another model elliptical trainer on another page is shown.
Mountains are seen in the distance with clouds moving over top during the afternoon.
Mountain climbers use ropes and hooks to metal clips up along cracks in a sheer rock face.
The climber sets a metal round clips into the crack of the rock face.
Clouds move over a mountain range at sunset.
A custodian sprays the counter of a sink with a spray bottle.
The worker uses a brush to clean out the sink.
The worker uses a hand towel to clean out the liquid in the sink.
A person is seen walking around a yard as well as many people standing.
The people then beginning playing a game with one another and running around the yard.
The people huddle up together while leading into more shots of people playing the game and speaking to the camera.
A man wearing scuba gear walks along the edge of a swimming pool.
The man starts talking to the camera and shows the camera various items.
The camera shows the swimming pool.
A tool and air compressor is shown.
The man enters the swimming pool and proceeds to place a cover on the drain while under water in the scuba gear.
The man gives a thumbs up.
The man shows the bubbles the tool makes underwater while bobbing his head.
woman is standing in a kitchen in front of a camera holding a door.
woman cuts the door and spread chocolate cream on he top and put another layer of cake.
the woman spread the chocolate cream again in the top and put another layer of cake and spread the cream on top and at sides.
woman flatten the cream and varnish it.
thw woman grabs white fondant and kneads it and then cover the cake with it with her hands and cuts the remaining, adds ornamens on top.
A woman in a belly dancing outfit is dancing moving her body very strategically.
She has her hands up in the air moving as she moves her hips very quickly.
She talks about her love for belly dancing and stuff.
Then you see her a different purple belly dancing outfit dancing outside.
A woman wearing a red outfit raises her hands and feet, alternating them in a slow and methodical fashion.
She puts on a show on a stage, going back and forth fluidly.
The woman turns in several different directions, providing different actions before standing straight and still as her finale.
A person cuts a pepper and put in a bowl.
Also, the person cook noodles in a pot.
Then, the person fry mushrooms in a pan, add salt, garlic, tomatoes and roots.
After, the person add the pepper and the noodles, mix and serves.
A man is standing inside a gym.
He jumps on and off an exercise stepper, front to back and side to side.
He spins as he climbs on and off.
A camera pans around a large warehouse and shows clips of materials being made and men working.
Machinery is shown pushing materials along while people watch on the sides.
More products for homes are being pushed out and a machinery is shown carrying them away.
There's a gymnast wearing red leotards performing gymnastics on a horse bar in a large stadium with spectators and a panel of judges.
She begins by getting onto the horse bar and does a front flips and a couple back flips.
Then she continues twisting her legs and does another side flips by twisting her body.
She then gracefully does few more continuous back flips and jumps off the bar and walks away.
A man is seen playing the drums with another man beside him with several lights flash around his face.
Another man is seen holding a guitar and several shots of a stage are shown.
The musician grabs a microphone and the guitarist jumps on stage with a cigarette in his mouth.
A woman lifts up a cat from the table and sits down with it in her lap.
The woman uses trimming scissors to cut the cats claws.
A person is seen kneeling down in a large hole rubbing plaster along a wall.
The man rubs plaster using a tool and stands up to grab paper.
He rubs the paper along the wall and ends by looking up to the camera.
Two people are seen speaking to one another while standing on the docks as well as speak to the camera.
The people enjoy themselves around the are by getting their hair cut, eating food, and the man preparing a boat.
Several shots are shown of a kitchen as well as people riding on the boat and still continue to speak to the camera.
Several people are in bumper scooters moving around in a small entrapment.
Finally,they get out of the big clump and start to move around the gym easier.
The ride finally ends,and all of the people get out and a girl and boy walk up to the camera giving a thumbs up.
An elderly woman wearing glasses is standing in front of a car.
She walks over to the car, and cannot get the door open at first.
She gets inside the car, then gets out and cleans the snow off the car before getting back in and driving away.
A boy is explaining how to put on toes shoes on his left foot.
Then, the boy raise the right foot and take out the toe shoe and continue explaining.
man is standing in front of a mirror spreading cream on his face.
man is kneeling and wash her face.
the man grabs a green towel and wipe his face.
A woman named Sapna appears in a photo.
She is then seen demonstrating a variety of jump rope moves.
She jumps forward and back, and side to side.
A small group of people are seen swimming around a pool grabbing a ball and throwing it back and fourth.
The people continue playing with one another and throw the ball around.
A man removes snow on a car using a snowbrush.
Then, the man writes over the snow covering the window of a car, and a woman wearing winter clothes smiles.
Then, the man continues removing the snow on his car.
An intro leads to a small group of small children standing on a stage holding instruments.
They begin playing the instruments while the camera zooms in out of each of them playing.
We see a man putting items in his car.
The man gets in the car and drives down the street.
We see men climbing indoors on a climbing wall, and outdoors in the woods.
We see two men outdoors at night then day.
We see men climbing a cliff.
A man waves from the top.
We see the men on the top of the cliff.
A man drills holes in a wall.
We see a man fall repeatedly.
We see three men in a boat on a river.
A woman in a white shirt is standing by an exercise machine.
She begins working out on the exercise machine.
Information about the machine is placed on the screen.
We see a person in a kitchen cooking on the stove.
The person has  skillet with butter they add eggs to.
The person flips the eggs.
A fire starts on the eye the person blow it out.
The person flips the eggs with a spatula.
The eggs are poured into a plate and salt and pepper are added.
The person walks away from the stove.
A close up of a crack is seen.
A woman is outside, shoveling snow.
A dog wags his tail as he tries to help.
A man speaks to a camera.
Another man shaves his face that is covered with shaving cream.
The man shaves part of his neck.
The man's razor is covered with shaving cream so he rinses the razor with water.
The man speaks to the camera again.
The shaving man again shaves part of his cheek area.
The man returns to speak to the camera.
An animation of shaving is shown.
The man continues to speak to the camera.
The shaving man shaves more towards his chin, including his upper cheek.
The man speaks some more to the camera.
TWo children are doing mixed martial arts in front of a television.
They are punching and kicking each other for sport.
A group of band mates are outside at a park.
They are wearing revolutionary war era outfits.
They play the drums in unison to a beat.
Various shots of a close up of a bike and a person pointing to the bike in various spots.
The person continuously adjusts the bike and pans the camera all around it in the end.
A person observes an old samurai temple.
A man holds an arch and shoots arrows, while men sit on the road sorts arrows.
Three small boards are fix on the ground, suddenly and arrow hits one board.
People gather on a road, then a old man gives a white box to a man dressed in white clothes.
Two teams play beach volleyball on front a crowd.
A woman holds a smart phone.
A man serves a ball.
A man wearing a cap and plaid shirt pass on front the players.
A blue screen flashes with yellow writing with a title page and several paragraphs.
A man then appears in a cage with a circle in it spinning in circles before he throws a shot put.
The video replays and it stops as he makes the correct steps to throw the ball beginning with the shoulder and following through with the rest of the body.
A woman is doing kickboxing in front of a mirrored wall.
She high kicks her legs into the air.
She alternates the kicks with punches.
A large crane is seen sitting on the ground and leads into a man using tools on a wall.
The camera continues to watch the person work as he uses the tool to create sparks on the wall.
A close up of a bowling lane is seen with a man standing in front.
The man throws a ball down the lane and hits several pins.
He finally walks back up the lane.
A young child is seen standing behind a set of drums and then begins playing the drums.
The boys continues playing on the drums and ends with him kissing his fingers and giving a peace sign.
Two people are playing tennis on a court.
One person falls back on their back.
A helicopter flies in some people who then start playing paintball.
They run around obstacles and have a great time.
A website address is typed in.
Skateboards skate and do tricks down stairs and on benches throughout a city.
A skateboarder rides a concrete ramp in a skate park.
Skateboarders ride the banks of a drainage ditch.
Different skateboarders ride in a concrete ramp doing tricks.
The city lights are seen at night with passing traffic in fast motion.
A logo is seen and captions are shown on the screen.
Trees and mulch are shown with a slight breeze.
Several people are shown planting a tree.
The people are spreading mulch around the tree.
Several logos are shown on the screen.
A group of boys line up in a baseball field then run to chase the ball.
A woman rolls a kick ball on the field.
The ball is returned to the field by someone on the sideline.
A boy runs around the bases on the field.
The group of boys point and signal to other players on the field.
A boy kicks the ball and the other players run around the bases.
Several people are dressed in sweatsuits rolling out mats in a large gym.
After the mats are rolled out,other individuals begin walking across the floor dressed in fencing uniforms.
The athletes then begin walking around and talking to each other as a small mascot walks across the mat.
Finally,a match begins and once it is over about five of the individuals pose for a picture.
The camera then speeds up and shows several teams and people entering and leaving the gym.
Next,fencing matches are shown between about 12 pairs of people and they line up and give each other a high five before huddling up and having a talk with their coach.
Two girls practice fencing in a school gym with protective gear on and a coach against the wall watching and coaching them as they fence.
The two girls talk to the coach and then begin to fence with each other as the coach motions to where they should stand and navigate the space during the spar.
Both girls end the spar and remove their head gear as they talk to the coach.
We see a man give a lady a rose.
The man and the woman then perform a dance in front of a crowd.
35 The man spins the lady making her dress flounce and looks at her chest.
The dance repeats over and over again many times.
The man bends the woman forward looking at her chest two times and almost puts his hand on her neck.
A bird is sitting on a bar over a bath tub.
A dog is in the bathtub getting a shower.
A person is rubbing soap into the dogs fur.
The dog shakes itself off.
A young child is seen sitting before a piano and playing a song while wearing a halloween costume.
The boy continues playing the instrument and ends by pulling his mask down.
A female gymnast is shown in a photograph.
She is then shown preparing and then mounting a high beam.
She flips and turns on the beam, changing between two beams.
She dismounts, throwing her arms into the air triumphantly.
A girl stands at a kitchen sink and demonstrates rinsing her mouth out with Crest whitening mouthwash.
A girl stands by a sink talking and using had gestures.
The girl then picks up a bottle of Crest whiting mouth wash and rinses her mouth for 60 seconds.
The woman then spits the rinse out in the sink, and proceeds to talk to the camera again.
Four people play Foosball at a Foosball table.
One of the girls playing pulls an arm out of place on the table.
The same girl reaches across the table to control an arm on the other side.
The girl on the other side tries to stop her.
A fifth person sits in a chair watching.
People are shown on a volleyball court as they warm up.
The girls volley the ball back and forth over the net.
They try to keep the ball from their opponents as the game truly begins.
A man by the name of ALEX AL-AMEEN is smiling and talking and the words below his name say that he has been "SELECTED FOR COMMONWEALTH GAMES 2014 110 METRE HURDLES".
A man is then shown on the track sitting on the ground prepping his feet for his shoes as he wraps tape around his foot.
Three men are now walking to a track where various people are running and taking turns doing hop, skip and jumps.
A man briefly stops and talks to the camera while he appears a little out of breath.
Another man is now kneeling and applying tape next to the sandy area of the jump while he talks.
The man is now standing at a bar bell with very heavy weights and he slowly starts to lift it, then drops it.
A woman is now holding dumbbells while she steps on some stairs, and the man is show again but this time he's pulling on an exercise equipment.
The white outro screen appears with their logo and the words saying to subscribe to their youtube channel.
A man holds the handle of a cleaning tool.
The man cleans the kitchen floor.
A lady discusses with the man.
The man takes the mop out of the red bucket and moves the bucket aside.
The lady stands next to a male.
The lady gestures with her hands.
The man hands the mop to the lady and empties the red bucket in the sink.
The male grabs alcohol, while the lady mops.
The man hands the bucket and mop to the male.
The man waves and salutes.
The lady laughs out loud.
The man washes his hand.
A small group of women are seen dancing together doing choreography with one leading the group in the front.
the woman continue dancing with one another and ends with a zumba logo shown in the background.
A woman sitting on the floor talks to the camera while petting a dog.
The woman holds up some sort of tool while talking to the camera.
The woman uses the tool to brush the dog while talking.
The woman sets down the tool and pets the dog while talking to the camera.
The woman talks to the camera about the tool.
The dog and women get up from the ground.
A sped up process of drawing an owl emblem is shown.
There are people standing on a frozen body of water and are looking into a small hole that has a fishing wire in it and they watch it as it bobs up and down.
The standing man pulls the pole and wire up higher and the man kneeling on the ice pulls the fish out of the ice water and puts it onto the ice.
Another man takes a picture of the fish, the kneeling man unhooks it and the standing man picks it up, holds it by its gills and poses with it.
People are running around on  field playing lacrosse.
The crowd is watching them play.
A black and white logo is shown on the screen.
A close up of a track is shown followed by a woman walking slowly away.
Several shots are then shown of her performing long jumps in various places.
She continues jumping in slow motion and ends with her landing in one last pit.
The person with black apron spray a white foam on the shoes.
The person brush the shoes with white foam on it.
The person brushed the shoes after the foam is gone and began spraying a chemical in it and polished the metal part of the shoes.
A person is seen scrubbing down the mane of a horse's fur and leads into washing him and spray him.
The camera shows shots of the liquid and then shows the woman scrubbing down and washing the horse.
She walks the horse away and shakes the bottle, showing more shots of her cleaning the horse with the bottle shown intermittent.
A group of cheerleaders run onto a stage before a cheering audience.
They get into formation, then begin dancing and flipping as male cheerleaders join them.
They all continue dancing and flipping, doing hand springs.
When they are finished, they jump up and down happily and walk off the stage, exhausted.
Two women attempt to wash two dogs.
They get in the tub with the dogs and do shampoo, soap, and then rinse the dogs.
They dry the dogs and the dogs are much happier.
A man is sitting on an exercise bike.
He is working out on the bike.
He is talking to the camera while working out.
A young girl runs through the living room dropping flowers and dirt around.
A woman grabs a vacuum and vacuums the floor.
She inserts a tool into the vacuum and vacuums along the baseboards.
She uses a special tool of the vacuum to vacuum around the sofa and the stair carpet.
She uses another tool of the vacuum to vacuum around windows.
She pulls a tray out of the vacuum.
The woman shows the square mats and points to the different materials and features.
The woman sweeps the floor to prep for a project.
The woman uses a chalk line then tape to mark the floor.
The woman sets in the square carpet pieces in place to cover the floor.
The woman shows the finished floor off.
A young man is shown swinging a tennis racket over and over again while hitting a ball at the same time.
He continues to perform this swing several times and hits the ball every time.
A black bull is taunted with a dummy hanging on a rope as the bull lunges at the dummy.
A man with a green and white umbrella taunts a black bull on a rope while onlookers also taunt the bull from the side on a wall.
The black bull lunges at another dummy and the dummy get caught on the bulls horn as the bull runs off after other taunting targets.
The credits of the clips is shown.
A woman is outside next to a pile of snow.
A guy picks up a shovel land shovels snow off to the side.
The guy puts down the shovel and stretches his back backwards twice.
The guy picks up the shovel and continues to shovel snow.
The credits of the clips is shown.
A woman in a white tank top is riding an exercise bike in a room.
She is doing push ups on a black mat.
She is back to riding the exercise bike.
She is lifting weights up and down at her sides.
She is riding on the exercise bike again.
A man is seen standing around with a large group of kids and leads into the kids play dodgbeall in a large gymnasium.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera while more shots of the game are shown and the man speaking to the kids.
They are all seen sitting together and the man interviews the kids in a classroom.
We see a man jumping on jump stilts.
We see a person sitting in the yard.
The man on the stilts stops and turns around towards the camera.
A woman is seen holding an accordion while shaking her fists into the air.
A band is seen walking in behind her and begins playing while she does.
The girl continues to play with the band and ends by looking to the camera.
A text intro leads into several shots of a pumpkin as well as tools followed by a man carving the pumpkin.
The man draws and cuts away all around the front of the pumpkin while moving in fast motion.
The man finishes his pumpkin and the camera pans all around the side.
A girl is seen sitting in a chair with another person wiping her face and handing her a mirror to look in.
He then pierces the girl's cheeks and the camera zooms in on the girl's face when he's done.
This woman is shown playing the black harmonica.
she stops for a little bit, but then she keeps going.
A group of people are on an outdoor court on the beach.
They are playing a game of volleyball.
They kick and hit the ball back and forth, celebrating when they win as the crowd claps and cheers.
A man in a black Speedo is standing on a diving board with his hand down on his sides.
He then begins running and does two hops to get to the end of the board.
Finally,he is at the end of the diving board and does a flip into the water as the crowd on the side watches.
A buff man steps into a circle and puts the shot put on this shoulder.
The man then spins around and throws the ball into the field.
Once completed,he puts on a large neon shirt.
Another man approaches the cirle and does the samething as someone comes to the field and measure how far the ball went.
The contestants then come back and begin talking to each other before their scores are shown.
An aerial view is then provided,then the camera pans the crowd.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera and leads into her laying out a paid of shorts.
She then demonstrates how to properly iron the clothing items.
A young man stands on the start line of a swimming pool.
Then, the young man gets in the water and swims to the other side of the pull.
After, the young man gets off the pool.
A man with long beard is talking in the camera while a hand is brushing the side of his beard, then he continue talking while in his back the TV is running, then he closed up his beard, showed a man in green and the kid sitting next to him.
The man in green shaves the man's beard on the side then brushed it then continue to shave the long beard leaving the stubble.
A man pushes a lawnmower cutting down a high patch of weeds in a yard.
The man turns over the lawnmower on its side then clears out tangled grass.
The man backs up and swings the lawnmower around in a circle and turns the lawnmower in the opposite direction.
A little girl kicks a big pink ball to her mother, who catches it and kicks it back.
They continue kicking and throwing the ball to each other, and a man joins in.
The little girl chases down the ball, bringing it back.
