We see the men skiing.
The man at the press conference and a men puts a mask on in the workshop and a machine sits in the field.
Two men pose holding rifles in the snow.
A man is dancing on a stage in a yellow shirt.
People in the audience watching him are dancing with him.
A man walks in front of the crowd.
A person's foot is shown and then it moves up slowly to their face.
The camera pans out and shows a silver car.
The person is holding a stick in their hands.
The person is holding a hose and washing the car.
They dip the stick into a bucket of soapy water and continue washing the car.
They hold the hose up and pour the water on their face.
They take their sunglasses off at the end and wipe their face.
A large crowd is seen sitting before a stage and leads into a young woman hitting drums in a circle and moving around the stage.
The woman continues hitting the drums while the crowd watches and ends with text scrolling across the screen.
We see an opening scene on a black background.
We see a man hammer a nail.
The man shows us some bolts.
We see the man screw a screw in.
A violinist, Lindsay Stirling is performing live with some other participants on a stage in front of an audience.
She begins by playing the violin while the other performers dance in a choreographed fashion.
The violinist dances as she plays the instrument along with five other dancers.
They dance in a modern and hip hop style of dancing.
Then only two of the dancers stay on the stage with the violinist and dance in a Salsa style.
After they leave the stage, one of the male dancers does some modern style of dancing as he rotates on his knees.
Then the entire dance team comes on stage and continues dancing in coordinated steps as the violinist plays and dances along with them.
Then they leave the stage with only the violinist performing as she continues to dance and play the instrument.
There are two men using defense techniques as a way of dance moves.
They are in the middle of a circle of people, who are clapping.
Two other men come in from the crowd to try and dance, but the video ends.
A group of people play water volleyball in an outdoor pool.
The people begin to play competitively with volleyball in the water.
the camera changes angle and catches the people playing from behind with the net between the people and the camera.
A man is standing outside of a wall with some sort of machine machine and begins talking.
The man takes the hose and pressure washes the fence before caulking it.
He then gets on his knees and adds spray paint to the machine and paints the wall.
Finally,he goes back to the wall with his paint brush and fills in the missing spaces.
Several shots of people grooming dogs are shown as well as a woman speaking to the camera in several settings.
Dogs are seen being scrubbed, nails clipped, and brushed down with combs by several people and another woman showing off the collars they have in store.
More shots of the store are shown as well as many dogs being groomed.
A man wearing a white shirt is holding a tennis racket.
He starts hitting tennis balls with his tennis racket.
He stops and talks to the camera.
A countdown is shown followed by a woman catching balls thrown at her.
The number counts down more and shows more clips of women playing dodgeball.
Several more numbers and clips are shown ending with people performing impressive throws.
A man wearing ski goggles adjusts the camera.
Several people are seen skiing down a steep slope.
They continue skiing faster and faster as they go downhill.
A man is standing behind a bar.
He puts ice into the glass and pours drinks into it.
He stirs it with a straw.
An introduction comes onto the screen for a video about furniture repair.
A woman is shown on the screen with gloves on and a cloth in her hand rubbing cream on a leather ottoman to repair the wear and tear.
The video ends with the graphics for the closing credits at the end.
There's a woman talking about being the first woman to participate in a marathon in 1967.
A picture of the participant when she was young is shown.
She talks about how different the marathons used to be back in the day where she shows clips of participants from a marathon at least 50 years ago.
There are pictures of male participants shown dominating the scene where she was the only female participant.
She talks about her experience as she shows more pictures of her participation against all odds.
She also shares information on how things changed later when she was finally allowed to participate freely.
Two people are seen sitting behind a counter when one moves back and fourth and prepares himself.
The man then solves a rubix cube while a timer is going and he puts a blindfold over his eyes and a person puts paper in front.
He solves the sube and then slams his hands down on the table.
A young man pumps up and down kneeling on both legs.
The student jumps up from the kneeling position and lands on top of a stack of mat then lands on the ground.
A CBS NEWS anchor reports on a story.
A marching band appears on a large field performing.
A student of the marching band gives an interview along with the marching band instructor.
The marching band practices their performance.
A woman walks, then runs with a javelin.
She throws it across the field, landing near her goal.
A few other teammates also perform the act, then we see the final scoreboard.
Two people are seen performing various kicks and tricks around one another while a large group of people watch on the sides.
More continue kicking around one another in the middle of the circle while others watch and react on the side.
A man wearing a white shirt and frog pattern headgear touches his nipples while holding a recorder.
The man brings the recorder to his right nostril.
The man begins to play the recorder.
The scene cuts to the man, having finished playing, bowing while touching his nipples.
"Fitness for Life 365" appears on the screen.
A panning up of the inside of a gym is shown as there is a man climbing monkey bars going backwards.
He then goes back and forth to continue his workout.
The video then fades to a black screen and asks you to subscribe to their youtube channel.
A girl is playing on a playground.
She goes backwards on the monkey bars.
She shows her hands to the camera and continues talking.
Several tables are set up in a large room.
Several groups are playing beer pong.
Some people are cheering about winning.
Others look upset about losing.
Several people are seen riding on exercise equipment while speaking to the camera.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while more shots of the equipment are shown.
People move all around the machine and lead with the man speaking more and showing how to adjust the machine.
A man is shown against a white background.
He is playing a guitar with his hands.
The chords and words appear at the bottom of the screen as he plays.
A man picks up a heavy weight.
He drops it to the ground.
man is talking to the camera standing next to a box.
man is assembling a shuffleboard court in a sidewalk.
man start playing the suffleboard hitting the pucks.
A large group of men are seen running around an indoor field when one scores a goal and the audience cheers.
Several more shots of goals are shown followed by slowed down shots of each goal.
Close up of players are shown and ends with a group of players all hugging and cheering with one another.
A woman is talking about how to make a salad.
She breaks up the lettuce into smaller parts.
Several bottles and nail tools sit on a table.
A woman is filing her nails on the table with a white bar.
She then paints her nails clear.
She then places her finger nails into a white box that is lit up.
The light turns off and she takes her hand out and lays it on the table.
A nail polish bottle is shown on the screen.
She paints her nails with that polish.
She puts her hand back in the lit up box on the table.
She does another coat of the nail polish.
She puts her hand back in the lit up box.
A bottle is shown on the table.
She lays her hands flat on the table.
Two young teenage girls hold soapsuds in their hands in a kitchen.
The girls throw the suds in each other's faces.
One girl hops on the shoulders of the other.
They begin to wash the dishes.
A small group of men are seen walking down a dirt road followed by several shots of them riding in tubes and laughing to the camera.
They continue riding down the river under trees and has more people holding the camera.
A teen performs pommel horse spinning around, then jumps on the floor and goes to get power from a container.
After, the teen gets again on the pommel horse and spins many times, while the jury observes.
People walk behind the jury.
Next, the teen stands on his hands and jumps to the mat.
Two kids are climbing a rock wall.
The adults are guiding the lines.
The kids continue to climb.
The one on the right will make it to the top first.
The one on the left did not make it to the top, both hop back down the wall.
The credits of the clip are shown.
A female athlete claps her hands.
The female athlete runs and elevates her body over a heighten hurdle.
The female athlete rises and yells in joy.
The female athlete dances and spins.
The female athlete walks away.
The credits of the video are shown.
A woman in a bikini is standing in a room.
She begins to hula hoop with a lit up hula hoop.
The hula hoop is seen sitting next to a shirt.
A camera pans around a lake area and leads into a person climbing into a kayak.
The person then begins paddling along the water while moving underneath bridges.
The person continues paddling all along the water and looking up to the camera.
The credits of the clips are shown.
People in black play dodge ball on a court.
A guy dives to the ground to prevent ball from hitting him.
A fat women and a thin woman talk face to face in a beauty salon.
The fat woman talks and the thin woman wash and puts cream to her face.
Then, the fat woman pass a device over the face of the thin woman.
We see two people playing foosball.
A man in a black shirt leave the room and turns before leaving.
A man puts his face in front of the camera.
A drum line is happening on a city street.
They get in formation then start marching down the street.
A man wearing a black shirt and black shorts is standing next to an exercise machine.
He sits on the exercise machine and starts working out.
He stops working out and releases the bar.
A woman is seen wearing roller blades and looking back to the camera.
She attempts to ride around while another person beside her tries to help.
Another person is seen holding sticks in the distance and walking towards the camera.
Two men are fighting in an asian art form outside.
They are taking swings and hits as well as kicks at each other throughout.
The video leads into various text shown across the screen followed by cheerleaders performing a routine.
Several shots of cheer leading performers are shown completing impressive stunts and moving across a stage while others watch.
A fridge is seen opening with two people grabbing onto a piece of cheese.
The two men fight then begin playing a game of rock paper scissors.
They use various tools and objects to play as well as smaller versions of themselves that keep panning backwards.
Children bring desert out for their family member.
The family enjoys eating the desert together.
The people in the restaurant laugh at the man and he wonders what they are doing.
The man gets up and walks away to the other room.
A woman at a beach talks to the camera.
The camera pans back and forth to show activity other beachgoers' activity around the woman.
The woman dumps a bucket of sand on the beach.
The woman combines sand and water in a bucket.
The woman dumps the mixture out on the beach.
A door with red signs are covering it.
A fireman runs outside carrying a board.
He sleds down the road behind a car, going around turns and falling down a few times.
A group of cheerleaders are seen yelling together all at once and leads into them performing a routine in front of a large audience.
The people continue performing their routine on the mat while performing various flips and tricks and ends with them running off stage while the audience cheers.
A man is shown inside a church.
He is playing a set of bagpipes while wearing a kilt.
He continues to play, not moving.
An intro leads into several older clips of olympic performers performing incredible acts.
One group of people are seen swimming while hundreds of people cheer and many people look to the camera and smile.
Another man shakes the hand of an athlete and he waves while shaking the hands of others and people applauding.
An advertisement is on the screen first.
A girl is jumping rope as people are watching.
She is doing tricks and flips as she jumps.
The video ends with credits of the ones who put the video together.
A black intro screen appears and it has the words SUPER WASH in the middle.
A red car and a car behind it is at a car wash and both of them are being worked on by two sets of people at each car.
Now there are 3 cars visible and the same men are working on washing the red car while another man starts working on the 3rd car that's to the side of the red car and all the cars continue to get washed.
The red car is parked outside of the building and it's clean, dry and very shiny.
A boy is swinging back and forth.
The boy then falls on his face and cries.
A man is seen riding along on a horse and then ropes a calf while others watch.
The man then ties up the calf and climbs up on the horse and others step into the ring.
An introduction comes onto the screen for a video about wrapping gifts.
Several different close up shots are shows of wrapped gifts and gift wrapping supplies.
A person comes onto the screen and begins to wrap a gift.
She decorates the gift with ribbons and attachments to embellish it.
Several other gift wrapping ideas are then shown on the one after the other.
The video ends with the closing credits shown on the screen.
Several clips of people are shown waving to the camera and watch people riding bikes.
Many people are shown riding around on bikes around a long track and the camera panning around.
A man without a shirt on sits outside by the trees and drinks out of a coffee cup.
A person is seen petting a cat.
A group travels to a river, getting into inflatable rafts.
They paddle quickly down the river through the raging white rapids and over small waterfalls.
They float slowly back as water sprays down on them from a fall.
A young man sits on a bed.
The man starts playing an acoustic guitar.
The man starts singing while playing.
The man pauses and rolls is eyes.
The man finishes and looks up, then at the ground.
A man in a office chair is sitting with some type of pen up.
He talks about it for a little while and then put it in his mouth, turns out its an e-pen.
It's a new technology that you can smoke like a cigarette.
He holds it in his hands like a cigarette and puts it in his mouth and exhales smoke.
Two women are seen speaking to one another and leads into them performing martial arts against one another.
The girls continue to fight and leads into one sitting down while the other continues to perform moves.
A close up of a pumpkin is seen followed by a child scouping out the middle.
Another child next to her is seen cutting out the pumpkin when an adults walks into frame.
The adults helps the children with one smiling to the camera and holding up seeds while the camera pans around the room.
A man is seen speaking to the camera that leads into a person playing crochet.
Several shots are shown of children hitting the balls as well as speaking to the camera.
More kids and adults speak to the camera while showing how they hit the ball.
An sportsman launch a javelin in a stadium.
The javelin flies in the air and lands in the green track, then a man runs toward it.
The sportsman walk raising his hands and clap his hands.
A cameraman film the athlete.
The gymnast launch a javelin in the stadium.
Various shots are shown of a boat riding along rough water conditions from several angles.
The camera shows a board and leads back to the water, transitioning into people seen sitting inside the boat.
The camera walks around more and captures views of the inside as well as the water.
People start fighting outside on the ground.
They knock a man onto the ground.
They lift him up in the air and slam him back on the ground.
Three people sit on front the ocean.
A man surfs on a small wave, then fly in the air and lands on the shore.
A person takes picture to the surfer.
The man continues surfing, spinning and jumping, after he takes his surfboard and walks on the beach.
A surfer turn over in a wave.
Several people are seen sitting in tubes at the top of a hill.
The men speak to one another while one climbs in.
The men all finally ride down the hill together while getting out in the end and laughing with one another.
A woman talks in a backyard wearing loose clothes.
The woman exercise stepping on the mat.
A man is sitting on a frozen lake, fishing through a hole and surrounded by fishing gear.
He walks away from his stuff, and a fish pulls his pole into the water, disappearing with it.
He stands angrily with his hands on his hips, then gets another pole to try to get it back.
A young boy sits in a chair with protective gown on and gets his hair cut with electric clippers by mom at home.
The mother removes clipped hairs from the boys head with fingers.
A girl is seen watching in the room.
A shot of a room is shown when a man walks into frame.
The man then begins jump roping over and over again.
He continues to jump rope and ends by walking out of frame.
A middle aged man talks while holding a mop.
The man throws a mop pad on the floor and puts the mop on it picking up the pad.
The man goes around the room mopping the floor.
The same man is standing in a kitchen.
The man runs water over the mop pad and then wrings it out.
The man throws the mop pad on the floor again and picks it up with the mop.
The man mops the floor going around the furniture.
A blue logo appears across the screen with white words in it.
A young male gymnast is then shown in a room in front of a balance beam.
The gymnast then begins using his hands to describe the motions he is about to do.
After,the male grabs the two bars and pulls himself up and holds his body up before going into a hand stand,he comes down,and does another one.
The gymnast does several more tricks and then does a flip off of the bars.
A large group of cheerleaders are seen running into an arena cheering and beginning performing a routine with one another.
The girls continue cheering around the stage while lifting one another up and performing tricks and pans to the audience in the end.
A man in plaid shirt hit the ball with stick, the ball scattered on the table.
The man in gray sweater lean on the table and look at the ball, he then hit the white ball and hit the yellow ball, while the man in plaid shirt sat on the chair.
The man in gray sweater continue to play the billiard, making the balls shoot in the holes.
A man in Sesame Street costume is riding a recumbent bike.
A man dressed as Ernie soon joins Bert.
They bike together, as if in a race.
They both get up and walk away.
A person is seen sitting on a horse in front of a large crowd.
The man then rides in on the horse and ropes up a calf.
He ties up the calf while others ride in on horses to help.
The credits of the video are shown.
A lady stands outside and talks.
The lady is let in an office where she undergoes an eye exam.
A eye contact is examined using a tool and a human hand.
Several items associated with contacts lenses wear are displayed.
A man washes his hand.
A lady picks up a contact lens.
A man  writes the letter l on a paper.
A hand bends a contact lens.
A man puts a contact lens in.
A lady puts each contact lens in.
The lady shakes the man's hand.
The credits of clip are shown.
We see a rubber glove on the floor.
A person cuts the glove in half and puts a hole in the end.
The person puts the glove on a dog with it's claw sticking through the hole.
A person shows a clipping tool.
The person then sands the dogs claw with an electric sander.
A man professionally paints several pieces of furniture using a spray painter in a paint shop while wearing overalls, a denim shirt and a paint mask.
The man begins by painting a wooden armchair metallic gray with a gold spray paint can.
The man then paints a side table black with lights shining off of the black painted wood.
The man ends with painting a dresser drawer pink before the scene fades to a black marketing graphic.
A man is in a bar demonstrating how to make drinks.
He fills a glass with ice.
Then he begins measuring various liquors into a cup, and then pours it into the glass.
He shakes the drink together and then pours the mixture into shot glasses.
Finally he puts another liquor into the glasses.
The video ends with the man holding both glasses up.
A guy stands in a court holding a colorful stick and touches a pinata.
A guy swings a stick at a pinata.
The guy stops and puts the stick besides him.
A band is playing music, while a woman in gray suit is singing, and behind her is a man in black suit is also singing, the guy in green shirt is playing the drum, the people in the big room are dancing and singing while others are sitting, two people are talking in one corner while the singing and dancing continue.
The guy in green shirt plays the drums.
Several pairs of shoes are shown as well as a large group of people socializing and pouring alcohol into glasses.
The glasses are laid out on a table and several shots are shown of people playing beer pong.
More shots are shown of people speaking to one another as well as playing beer pong in several locations and partying with one another.
In the end medals are handed out and people wear them while celebrating in different spots.
Young men ride skateboards and do skidding turns in a city plaza.
The skateboarder does a wheelie.
The skateboarders ride along a sidewalk going somewhere.
The boys walk around and go into a transportation station.
On a river outside the boys are walking down the street as cars pass by.
There are many people out doing many different activities on the water.
Some of the boys do jumps off the bridge and other are riding behind a boat.
it's a nice summer day to be out and enjoy fun in the sun by the water.
A man is holding windex near his car door.
The man then sprays the window with windex and wipes the window.
The man rolls the window up.
The man finishes and rolls the window down to wipe it some more.
We see team of boaters in a competition in the sea.
We see the race start and the boaters take off.
They pass a small boat in the water.
We see one team up close.
We see a score board on the screen.
The racers pass a banner and we see the green team again.
The race is finished and we see the crowd clapping.
We  see the final scores and the scene ends.
Several young men exhibit rollerblading stunts using many different pedestrian environments to showcase the stunts including, sidewalks,stairwells, stair railings, walls and parking lots.
A camera picks up several candid environment shots picking up lines of palm trees, and a vast cityscape filled with buildings and some foliage.
A group of young men are showcased one by one ,with an onscreen name template, rollerblading stunts on stairs and stair railings, jumping in the air, sliding on rails and landing.
The men showcase some mishaps in which they fall after the stunt, but then perform more stunts successfully.
A man kneels down by a tree in a yard.
He talks as he digs with his hands.
He shows and instructs on how to apply and pack mulching around the base of the tree.
People gather in an indoor exhibition.
A man and a robot play ping pong in the exhibition.
People wears lanyards and watch around the exhibits, while a man explains a person holding two discs.
Other people sits in a eating area while reading and texting.
A weather map is shown for a second, then two news women sitting at a desk.
Several people are shown warming up for a race.
A gun is fired, and the race begins.
We go back to the women in the news room, talking.
The video shows a tutorial on how to install ceramic tiles using concrete.
A person wearing an orange vest and black pants is working on tiling a room in a house.
He is kneeling down next to a pile of white square ceramic tiles and a bucket filled with grout and cement.
He is smearing the floor with cement with a trowel.
Then he places the square tiles next to each other in a straight line, making sure they are fitted tightly together.
He removes more tiles from the box to places them on the wet cement, making sure they are properly aligned with each other.
He continues placing the tiles to fill in all the gaps until the entire room is fully covered with the white tiles.
A man lifts a girl up over his head, then over his shoulder.
He stands her on his hands, balancing her in the air as other watch.
He drops then lifts her again.
A ballerina starts dancing on a stage.
She does several spins on the stage.
She does a leap on the stage.
She lays down on the stage.
A woman is seen brushing wet hair and rubbing lotion all throughout her hair.
She then blow dries her hair and is seen again with her hair pinned up around the top.
She blow dries the bottom of her hair and is then seen again with all of her hair pinned up.
She undoes the pins to show off her new hair.
A woman in a black shirt is talking to the camera.
The scene transitions into a bunch of young people carrying pieces of wood to an open area outdoors.
They begin to attempt to chop the wood, but have trouble getting the axe out at first.
A woman finally gets the axe out and they start chopping the wood.
The camera pans around to the spectators as a woman in a bandanna successfully chops the wood and takes a bow.
The scene returns to the woman at that was at the beginning of the video.
The video ends with the women around the wood startled as something falls.
A man is seen standing ready with a set of bagpipes and begins playing them for the camera.
The man continues playing and then stops to look at the camera.
A man is standing in a room with three walls and a glass wall behind him hitting a ball with a racket.
A series of words are then shown as well as a YouTube video.
The next screen comes around with a large hot air balloon and animated cars.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while holding onto a leash in different locations.
The man is then seen walking around a dog and leads into him back inside still speaking to the camera.
He continues to speak more while holding onto the rope and walking around with the dog.
A girl in a blue and sparkly costume is standing on a court while holding two batons.
The girl begins her baton routine and starts  her routine and twirls the batons and her body.
Judges at a table watch her the whole time while they also write on a piece of paper.
The girl drops her baton, picks it up and then continues on with her routine.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while standing next to a car with an open trunk.
The man then unscrews a tire and lifts the car with a jack.
The man takes the tire off and puts a new one on, ending by screwing it into place.
He takes off the jack and finishes by speaking to the camera.
A basketball is focused on as it sits on a grass.
Then it zooms out and a small girl is standing at the beginning of a hopscotch written in chalk, and a man is standing at the end and he throws a piece of chalk her way, it breaks, he hops to pick it up, she picks up the other piece and returns it to the chalk container off to the side.
The girl returns to the beginning of the hopscotch and takes her turn, and they go back and forth and play taking turns jumping up and down the hopscotch.
A woman's hands are shown wrapping something.
The woman talks to the camera.
Closeups of the necessary equipment for this operation are shown.
The woman wraps a book with tissue paper and tape.
The woman cuts paper to shape for the book.
The woman wraps the book with the paper and tape.
The woman talks to the camera whole holding the wrapped and ribboned book.
A closeup of the wrapped and ribboned book is shown.
Two boys are sitting in a booth inside a building.
They are talking about doing clips.
They then talk while eating bowls of vanilla ice cream.
A close up of a gear shaft is seen following by someone opening a trunk and pulling a tire out.
The person puts a jack under the car and begins unscrewing the tire and taking it off.
The person puts a new tire on and screws it in place while taking off the jack and putting the hubcap back on.
A woman cleans a cafeteria floor with a mop while occasionally talking to the camera.
The woman walks to and cleans a different part of the cafeteria floor.
The woman plunges the mop head into a bucket.
A number of people walk by in the background.
The woman talks to the camera.
A parade procession walks down the street in a parade.
A group of members in green uniforms walks waving flags.
Members of the procession walk down the street holding small horn brass instruments.
A drum line passes by walking down the street playing their instruments.
Members of the procession walk down the street holding large flared horn instruments.
A woman is standing in a room talking.
She picks up a red brush and begins brushing her hair.
A Netflix advertisement is shown on the screen.
A person holds out cleaning product and a spray bottle with the mixture over a kitchen sink.
The person sprays down the stainless steel sink with detergent in a spray bottle.
A sponge is used to scrub the sing with the cleaning solution.
The faucet is turned on and is used to rinse out the sink.
A storm trooper is seen speaking to the camera and leads into a camera panning around a neighbor and the man walking around.
Many kids stop to speak to the man as well as cars stopping to speak.
People stand and talk at a tables.
Teams of players play beach soccer.
A player scores a goal with the soccer ball.
The video begins with several shots of a person riding down a hill on a skateboard and doing tricks.
The boy continues to ride around on a skateboard doing flips and tricks and the camera capturing him from several angles.
A little girl is playing with a toy hair dryer.
She turns around and smiles.
She continues playing with the toy hair dryer and talking.
She picks up a toy curler and sets it down on the desk in front of her.
A man in a yellow construction top is inside painting the wall beige.
He goes from the bottom up and grabs more paint on his tool.
He is making progress across the wall pretty quickly the way he is doing it.
He makes it half way across the wall but the bottom of the wall is still white.
Someone is placing a vent on the roof of a house.
They seal the vent with glue.
A bottle of aging cream is shown and a woman begins to apply it on her face in her T-zone.
Once it is evenly displayed,several paragraphs begin to show about the use of the product and what each week should be.
After,a short sentence appears and tells you to go on their web page to get more details.
A woman is speedily riding a recumbent bike in the kitchen.
She sits by the stove, cracking eggs into a pan and making an omelet while she rides.
She stirs the egg, then plates it while still riding.
She then eats while she continues to ride.
a video of how to prevent RV roof leaks is shown, there is a roof of an RV and a man cleaning the glue around the leak.
man is putting white glue around the leak.
Two men are standing together on a table with their fist up as the referee holds their wrist.
The referee then lets go and almost instantly the arm wrestling match is over and a winner is declared,the winner moves on and several more matches begin to take place and they too are ended abruptly.
Near the end however,the opponents finally match and it takes forever to declare a winner as they struggle to move their hands.
A man is standing on a hill, celebrating before a crowd.
He is shown on a bmx dirt bike, performing a plethora of stunts, wheelies, and spins for a crowd.
Women are shown close up, dancing.
A man in the tuxedo starts explaining black jack.
A dealer deals cards to four players.
Several close ups of cards are shown.
The man in the tuxedo continues to explain the rules of blackjack.
A gymnast exercise on the parallel bars while the coach give directions and fix a mat.
Then, the gymnast spins on the high bar , then flip and fall stand on the mat.
A person is seen standing on a pair of skis while others move around an area.
One person sits on a tube while others walk from behind.
A person then kicks the person n the tube down the hill.
A news woman is talking in a news room.
Bullfighters are shown inside a ring.
They are trying to entice the bull with capes.
A camera pans around a person riding around on a horse.
The person continues riding around the area and pauses to speak to the woman while she laughs and speaks to the camera.
A group of girls are posing for a picture.
They are then shown playing volleyall on a field in front of several tents.
They lob the ball back and forth.
A boy makes a hand gesture in front of the camera as he smiles.
Again we are shown the group of girls posing in the photograph.
Three men exhibit hammer throws in an outdoor Olympic event surrounded by onlookers on the field and in bleachers.
A man stands at an outdoor Olympic game and performs a hammer throw surrounded by people and and an audience in bleachers before letting the hammer go to fly in the air.
Two more men perform a hammer throw in the same way releasing the hammer into the air to fly out into a field.
Three men stand in the middle of a field and hold up medals that hanging around their necks.
A back yard area is seen that leads into several kids and older man working on a ladder.
The group cuts hedges along the side as well as throw them into a bucket and help the older man.
The kids continue to help the other man by gathering leaves as he pushing them back towards the front.
A man and woman are sitting on a couch talking.
They are driving in a car down a street.
They are rollerblading down a sidewalk.
A group of kids are running between orange cones on a court.
They are competing to see how quickly they can jump between them as the coach claps and cheers them on.
We see a person jet-skiing behind a boat.
The boat runs aground into some brush.
The skier is laying in the lake.
A man and a woman stand by a table speaking to the camera.
A recipe of mashed potatoes sits on the table.
The man peels and cuts potatoes before throwing them into a yellow pot.
The man throws in three handfuls of salt into the yellow pot.
The man cuts up some garlic.
Into the pot, the man throws the garlic along with two leaves.
The woman joins the man at the table and she cuts butter in half.
The woman throws the butter into a saucepan.
The man speaks to her briefly and the woman proceeds to pour some milk into the saucepan.
The man places the yellow pot and the saucepan on the stove.
The man grabs the pot's lid and covers the pot.
Back at the table, the man removes the lid from the pot and removes the leaves.
The man mashes the potatoes.
The man throws in a pinch of salt onto the potatoes.
The man resumes mashing the potatoes.
The man pours in the milk from the saucepan into the pot.
The man mashes the potatoes some more.
The man grabs some pepper and throws it onto the potatoes.
The man adds some more milk.
The man returns to mashing the potatoes and stirring them as they have thoroughly become soft.
The man pauses for a second to throw in some water and resumes to stirring the potatoes.
The finished mashed potatoes dish is left on a counter.
A man is talking to the camera.
An Olympic field is shown with many people walking around on it.
The  man runs down a strip of track and jumps into a pile of sand.
He has a flag wrapped around him and waves at the audience.
A man does a  barbecue in a yard while singing with people showing drinks in cans and cups.
Then people walk to a bar  and sing inside drinking beer.
Women serves drinks from a fountain.
A man talks on front a microphone and people continue singing and showing beer.
Then, people are again singing, drinking and dancing outdoors.
A man jumps onto a balance beam.
He does a gymnastics routine on the balance beam.
He dismounts and lands on a blue mat.
He waves at the crowd and walks off.
A male gymnast is in an arena full of people and grabs two bars to begin his routine.
After he is on the bars,he does several flips and turns before landing his performance and leaving the mat.
An introduction comes onto the screen for a video about playing tennis.
And man comes on to talk about the lessons that he will be teaching in the video.
He swings the racket several times to demonstrate a good form for swinging the tennis racket.
Another man comes onto the screen and performs the several tennis wings while the other man narrates.
As the video ends the closing credits are displayed on the screen.
A gymnast is seen standing before a beam raising her arms up and others watching on the side.
The woman then performs a gymnasts routine in front of a large group of people.
She falls off at one point and jumps back on to finish her routine and ends by jumping off the side.
We see a ladies hand on a magazine.
The lady cuts slices of an article.
She puts the paper in water and lays then on her white nails, she peels the paper off and the letters stick.
The lady puts clear polish over the nails.
The lady sticks rhinestones to her nails.
The lady puts clear polish over the decorated nails.
We see the lady turning pages in the magazine.
We see the white ending screen.
This man is wearing a blue t-shirt and white shorts and he is doing his gymnastic routine.
Then he gets off and walks away to go somewhere else.
There is also another man there with him who's walking around and he's wearing a green shirt.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while holding up a piece of paper.
The man also holds up a razor and begins writing on the paper.
The man is then seen shaving his face and ending with credits.
A large ice glacier is shown in the water.
A boat is pulling a person on skis behind the boat.
The person is floating in the water.
A young blonde boy is standing at a kitchen sink with a handheld sprayer in his hand and he's spraying all the dishes.
The boy then puts the sprayer in a green pot on the counter and begins spraying the water in there.
The boy drops the sprayer then takes a cup from the sink, fills it with water then pours the water into the pot, fills it again and pours it into a bowl on the counter.
The boy then picks up a clear glass filled with red liquid, drinks some of it, puts it under the faucet and adds water to it, drinks it a few times then dumps it out into the sink.
The boy then takes a dish from the sink that has the red juice and tries to pour it into the pot on the counter but instead it spills all over the counter instead and he gets a sponge and tries to clean it up.
Two boys are kneeling in the grass cutting the grass with a pair of scissors.
They grab some pieces and use the scissors to cut it up.
Then throw the grass they cut back behind them.
They are going at it kind of quickly, they seem like very bored little kids with nothing else to do.
A large marching band are seen standing in the middle of a lawn.
The middle of the group begin to play followed by the rest around them.
The group take turns playing back and fourth and end by standing still.
A man sits on top of a camel.
The camel stands up and a man in front leads it.
A red barn is seen behind them.
The camel sits back down and the man gets off.
A man competes in a canoe in a river moving the oar very fast.
Then, the man pass turbulent waters.
We see a pink opening screen.
We see a lady brushing two miniature horses.
The lady cleans the brown horses hooves.
The lady cleans the hooves on the white and tan horse.
The lady brushes the mane on both horses.
The lady puts her supplies down.
We see the ending title screen.
We see black and white still images of the horses.
We see the lady brush the brown horse again.
A close up of a car is seen followed by people walking into frame and washing the car.
The people clean the exterior as well as interior and roll the car outside.
They park the car and continue to wipe it down followed by drying it off in the end.
A news woman is speaking inside a news room.
A couple of professional dancers are shown dancing and performing ballet on a stage, with the female occasionally shown speaking to the camera.
She is seen walking out after a performance to see a room filled with people and do a press conference.
A poster of three women is shown at the end.
A dog who is missing his front legs is walking across a lawn.
He is following the camera man, then breaks into a hopping run.
He returns, and does the same again.
We see a man decorating a Christmas tree.
The man adds a string of lights.
A little girl ads bulbs to the tree.
The man turns the lights on.
The man and the girl add bulbs to the tree.
The lady goes up and own the stairs.
The lady adds ornaments to the tree.
The man stands on a ladder and adds ornaments.
The lady turns off the lights and the family looks at the tree together.
The man and woman kiss each other.
Outside at the playground a boy has climbed to the top of the swing set while other children are swinging.
The boy at the top is just sitting casually while another child is being pushed by a friend on the swing.
She is building up a lot of speed and is going really high.
She jumps off but does not land very well at all, she crashed down into the grass.
A man in a purple shirt is talking to the camera.
He starts climbing wood planks up a wall.
He gets down off the wall and continues talking.
A person is seen standing next to a tree while waving and speaking to the camera.
The person then holds up dirt and leads into several clips of her raking around a tree and pointing to it.
First there is a screen shown for a small amount of time letting viewers know what this video is about.
Then there is a man riding different horses in different settings where people watch them.
In the first one,  the horse runs with him on his back and he tries to jump over a wooden obstacle, but fails and there are many more fails.
A person shows up on a stage dancing in the dark with an LED hula hoop.
As the person dances the LED lights on the hula hoop begin to change colors.
The closing credits show up on the screen as the video ends.
A middle aged white female is standing in a lobby of some sort next to a picture talking.
She then reappears in another room of the same place and is talking in front of a mirror,vase,and plant.
In her hand,she has a small circular container with shoe polish it and takes a rag and dips the rag in the container.
The woman then proceeds to clean the male dress shoe with the cloth and polish.
She then takes a brush and start going over the shoe with it and pauses briefly and begins talking.
The camera zooms in on several players and leads into a small group of people playing soccer against one another.
Coaches and audience members react as they watch the game and the players continue kicking the ball up and down the field.
A man in a baseball cap, shorts and a blue short sleeved shirt serves three tennis balls across a tennis net on a tennis court by himself.
A man on a tennis court by himself serves a tennis ball with a tennis racket across a net.
The man then serves two more balls across the net, the ball just land on the other side.
There's a welder in a blue shirt wearing a yellow protective helmet, welding a large metal pipe in a workshop.
There's another welder wearing a blue protective suit and white helmet welding a metal piece on a workshop table.
He is welding the metal piece with precision in a horizontal manner.
There's a welding machine showing how it works on melting metal at high temperature.
A man takes videos of him skiing and snowboarding down a mountain.
He also goes through a forest.
A large orange machine is shown moving down a road with a claw like arm and razor cutting down the grass.
The cutting continues and the machine is being operated in different areas such as highways.
A female gymnast prepares to mount the bar.
She mounts, then does several hand springs, forward flips, and back flips.
Then she dismounts, throwing her arms up in the air.
A man and a woman works out the a cardio machine.
The stride length of the pedal is displayed in the screen.
Then, the man comes to meet the woman that exercise.
Then the man exercise, and the muscles of the abdomen are shown.
The steps of the machine and the screen panel is shown.
A group of boys are standing in a room with many clear cups of beer on a table they are all standing around.
The boys talk, laugh and tease each other before beginning a game of beer pong across a long table using a triangle shaped array of clear cups.
One of the ping pongs lands in the cup and one of the boys begins to drink the beer.
The group continue to play beer pong when one final player is able to throw and land a ping pong ball while standing with his back to the cups at which point the boys celebrate, and laugh.
A man is seen wearing a mask and pushing an object along a wall.
The man is then seen laying out paper across a table.
He shortly after puts wallpaper up on the wall.
At an outdoor poor facility people are in the pool and others are outside standing by.
There are two boys on the diving board preparing to jump down.
They get in a unique position and then simultaneously dive in together.
They make a huge splash as they land inside the water.
A screen appears with instructions how to attach an InStep bike trailer.
A man is showing how to attach an InStep bike trailer on the back wheel of a bike.
Then, the man continues to explain the process sitting in dining room.
Two toddlers are sitting in a bike trailer, while the man attach the safety belts.
A woman is seen sitting in a chair speaking and waving to the camera and looks into a mirror showing her and the camera man.
A tattoo artist then steps into frame and begins tattooing a symbol on the girl's neck.
In the end pictures of the girl's tattoo are shown.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and begins holding a razor up to his face.
The man then shaves his face around the sides and ends by still speaking to the camera.
We see a dart board swinging gently.
Two darts, one red, one green hit the board.
We change angle and two more darts hit the board.
The screen fades to black and we see the end credits.
Pieces of furniture are seen including cabinets and tables.
A person sands down a piece of wood with an electric sander.
A person sands down a piece of wood by hand.
Man approaches the weights before him.
Man lifts up weights and drops them to the floor.
Man lifts up weights and holds them for a while.
Man shakes his hands in celebration.
Man screams in celebration.
A large piece of machinery is seen sitting in a room.
A robot arm then moves into frame attempting to push things around.
The robot fails and pulls it's arm back in.
A person is seen walking back to the end of their car and putting their hands on their hips.
They realize they have a flat tire and pull out a jack attempting to get it off.
The woman falls and fails backwards off a bridge, landing on a truck.
The credits of the clip are shown.
People have their hands on a casino table.
The credits of the video are shown.
People are sitting in bumper cars crashing into each other.
They stop and get out of the cars.
A boy in a white shirt walks out with a boy in a blue shirt.
A man in a white shirt is talking to the camera.
People are playing a game of volleyball against each other.
A woman is talking in front of an image of two deer on a plain.
We thensee a man talking as they drill holes in the ice.
Some booth serve hot dogs to the people as they ice fish.
A little boy and girl attempt to catch a fish.
They are interviewed as they fish.
A white plate is sitting on a white table in a kitchen.
A child places turkey slices on two pieces of  white bread, then adds a slice of cheese.
Finally, she adds a layer of miracle whip.
She leans forward, taking a large bite of the sandwich.
A man is seen hosting a news segment that leads into several shots of people shuffling pucks along the ice in slow motion.
More shots are shown of people playing the game and ends with a 3d animation across the screen.
A black intro screen appears and it includes a lot of text in white, blue and green that include numbers and letters, and then a logo to the right side that's for QUICKSILVER and the clips will be from a surfing competition in PIHA, AUCKLAND NEW ZEALAND.
The beach is shown and there are multiple people and tents and the people are watching and cheering on various different surfers who are surfing big and long waves.
The outro appears and it's the same black screen with the logo and text as it was for the intro.
Two vacuums appear in a gray room.
One of the vacuums disappears.
A lady vacuums her house then empties the vacuum.
The lady puts the vacuum in a closet.
We see a room full of  desks and engineers designing products.
Three Dyson fans swivel toward the camera.
A man does a disk throw.
He spins around and throws the disk.
Men are standing on a field talking.
A man kicks another man.
That man swings a bat at him.
People are playing volleyball on a beach.
The ball falls onto the ground and a guy in red shorts picks it up.
A man in a black hat serves the ball.
A man in a gray sweat shirt is standing at a bus stop.
He starts roller blading down a street and doing tricks.
The man is skating backwards.
A man guides a camel with kids riding on the back along a beach shoreline.
Beach goers stand and walk along the shoreline in bathing suits.
A girl stands in a yard holding a rake.
The girl rakes the leaves in a pile.
the girl walks to a trampoline and gets a different rake and rakes the leaves in a circle.
the girl put the rake back on the trampoline and talks to the camera.
the girl jumps in, rolls around and throws the leaves around before standing and talking to the camera.
A rodeo rider comes out of the gate on a bull and gets thrown off.
The rodeo clowns distract the bull as the rider gets to safety.
A clown gets hurt and goes for treatment from a pretty lady.
A group of men on horses talk and as they ride away, the clown restarts his job in the ring.
The clown gets injured again as he jumps over a bulls head and the other clowns help him up.
A small group of men are seen sitting at a table playing various hand games with one another.
Then moves their hands which are shown in slow motion and leads into one speaking on the phone and leaving the room.
The camera pans around the other people as they laugh.
A Phillips three headed razor is shown and then un-boxed on a red table.
Next,the razor is assembled and place on its charge to charge once it is plugged in.
Once fully charged,the man rinses the razors,applies shaving cream to this beard area and start to shave.
As he is shaving,the man continues to talk and his face begins to turn a little big razor and the razor is then placed back on the charger.
We see a black screen and the title.
We see a boy holding onto to a pole being pulled by a boat.
He gets on his feet and skis.
The boy loses his balance and fall off the pole entirely.
A girl is next to hold onto the bar of the boat.
The girls looks at the camera before she looses her footing and falls off the bar.
Two young girls are in a gym and they do a side ways hurtles over a bar in the middle of the gym.
The video is then replayed in slow motion and once again in a faster speed.
A few people go surfing on waves.
They fall sometimes but are ok.
A guy climbs up the stairs carrying a black amplifier.
The guy walks through a door he opened.
The guy plays a harmonica with a microphone in one hand.
The guy plays the guitar.
The black amplifier is displayed on a table.
The amplifier is displayed on a table.
People are rowing down a body of water.
A guy rinses his face with water from the body of water.
The guy runs his water fingers through this hair.
A man with a mustache leans over, wets his hand, and whips his face.
A woman is seen bending down in front of a large set of weights and begins lifting it to her shoulders.
She then bends down and puts the weights back down to her feet.
A man is seated while someone buffs his shoes.
The person uses a brush to clean his shoes thorougly.
Then they use polish to shine them.
A small group of people are seen sitting around a poker table with a woman dealing cards in front.
The woman deals cards to the people while they put their cards and chips in the middle.
The dealer continues playing with the people and looking off into the distance.
Adults are playing a game of volley ball on a court.
A crowd is watching them play.
man is standing in a room holding a bow and talking to another man.
manis practicing shots with a bow to a board in a large field.
Teams are playing ice hockey in the center so everyone who's sitting down can watch them.
The blue team scores a goal first and then people start clapping and cheering.
Next the blue team scores another one again and the crowd goes wild.
A small group of children are seen riding around in bumper cars crashing into one another.
The kids move all around the game hitting into one another.
The game continues on with the kids playing and crashing into each other.
A skinny man,is talking on the phone bowling and knocks down all the bowling pins.
Next,he has to go through several obstacles to roll the ball down and he ends up making it anyways.
Some of them include,bowling with pins in the lane,standing from behind a chart,and even doing it with his eyes covered.
Boys play indoor soccer while kicking the ball and passing it to playmates, then the referee enter to the center and gives instructions.
Then, the referee puts the ball on the goal area and a boy kick the ball, but the goalkeeper stop the ball.
The boys play shooting the ball to the goalkeeper stops the ball.
After, a player scores and the teams continue playing.
The video leads into several shots of dogs walking around and leads into a woman petting a dogs fur.
The woman continues brushing and shows clips of the dog running along a park.
A close up of people sweeping is shown followed by people walking around an arena.
Two wrestlers then bend down and walk around the pit a bit followed by wrestling one another.
One man throws the other down and leads into clips of the city.
A young child is seen climbing up a playground and then going down a slide.
She goes back to the top again followed by another go down the slide and back to the stairs again.
A small group of kids are seen moving around a gymnasium throwing balls around.
The kids throw the balls to one another while playing a game.
The game continues on while the kids jump and down.
A woman is sitting down taking a drink.
She sets the drink down and starts talking.
A young girl is seen cutting a hole in the top of a pumpkin followed by her scooping out seeds and cutting out the sides.
The girl wipes off the pumpkin and puts on the top and shows the pumpkin in the dark.
A field hockey player dribbles a ball on the field between his legs.
Th field hockey play dribble the ball back and forth in front of him.
The field hockey player hits up while juggling the ball in the air and balances on his stick.
The players dribble through a set of cones and takes shots on the goal.
An actor,Jason Stathom,is sitting in a blue reclining chair talking a late night tv host by the name of Jimmy Fallon who is sitting behind a desk.
The two continue to speak then they both stand up in a joking manner and walk over to a table.
They both stand at the ends of the table and begin arm wrestling and talking.
After a long period of time passes,the actor wins and starts cheering for himself.
A man and woman are seen standing on a bowling lane with another reading in the distance.
A woman walks in and speaks to the blonde woman and hands her some bowling shoes.
The man speaks over and the girl throws the bowling ball with her heels on.
General technique is shown for throwing javelins.
He then shows how to do it with crossovers.
The Department of Transportation demonstrates ice and snow safety tips with a white car covered in snow.
A lady in a red winter jacket places the keys in the ignition and starts the car.
The lady in the red jacket opens the trunk of the car and removes a snow brush and brushes the snow off of the car body, windshields, head lights, front grill and license tag.
A man is running down a pathway in the field in slow motion preparing to throw a javelin.
As he comes closer,he begins to turn and run sideways and throws the javelin.
Once it is released,he stumbles and has difficulty trying to catch his balance as the rest of the people surrounding him look to see his distance.
Two men in inflatable sumo wrestler costumes entertain the public by street performing in a public square.
Two men in inflatable sumo wrestler outfits talk to the camera and begin to entertain the people passing by as they stand in a paved public square.
The two men show a little boy how to use an automated scooter, perform mock sumo wrestling matches, and take pictures with the audience as well as dancing with the audience before ending the performance and speaking again to the camera.
The screen is full of white bubbles and words, while a pair of hands plays the piano.
The bubbles and words disappear and it is just the hands moving over the keyboard.
The hands disappear and it is just the keyboard.
The screen fades to black.
People shovels the snow using a wheeled snow shovel.
Then, a man demonstrates how to shovel the snow, the he uses a bag.
A woman is seen looking off into the distance while smoking a cigarette.
She speaks to someone out of frame while taking puffs from her cigarette.
She continues smoking while the camera captures her movements.
A person's hands are seen clipping the nails of a cat while the cat struggles a bit.
More shots of her clipping the cat are shown and at one point he moves and she grabs him by the neck.
A red mustang is being hosed down.
Next, the workers rub soap over the car.
After that, they both work on washing the soap off before applying another soap over the vehicle.
They then use hoses to wash the car clean.
A boy prepares to do a high jump in a gym.
He takes off running with the high jump stick.
he makes the jump and lands on the  safety pads.
Two people are seen speaking to the camera and leads into several clips of people playing volleyball with one another.
The people continue to play the sport while others speak to the camera as well as watch on the sides and high five each other.
A group of people are gathered at an outdoor park.
They are dressed up, and they get into a raft.
They white water raft down a river together.
We see a lady talking in the bathroom.
She shows us her blow dryer box.
She brings the blow dryer box back into view.
The lady grabs and lifts her hair.
The lady shows us dryer attachments and the dryer.
The lady brushes hear hair and adds blow drys her hair.
People are grooming and brushing dogs in a public facility.
Women take cares of dogs that have long hair.
A woman take cares of a poodle, while other woman pets a big dog.
A woman talks on front a dog while petting.
A man is rollerblading outside in a parking lot.
He does several tricks on his rollerblades.
He does a cart wheel on the ground.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera while holding a rag and cleaner and leads into her spraying down the gloves and moving them along a piano.
The woman continues wiping all around the piano and ends by speaking to the camera.
A picture of a man washing a car is shown and leads into several men washing the same car.
The men vacuum the inside as well as clean the dashboard and entire interior and exterior.
The car is shown off again in the end all clean.
A child performs on the double uneven bars, while flipping around the bars.
Then, the child flips and land stand on the floor, then walks.
A man is seen speaking to the camera as well as bowing to the camera.
The man kneels down on his knees several times and bows again.
He turns himself around still bowing and ends by standing up.
a man is on a field in a circle.
He starts spinning a ball around in circles.
He then throws the ball as far as he can, but falls down.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into him helping a man shoot several baskets.
The coach is then seen instructing a large group of children as they shoot baskets over and over.
An athlete performs a long jump at a professional sports event as onlookers watch and clap.
A man in an athletic outfit and a paper number pinned to his chest paces on a sports field.
The man runs a distance and performs a long jump.
The man smiles and paces after the long jump as a British flag waves in the background and a template of his score goes across the screen along with slow motion re-inactments.
The man takes his shoes off while sitting on a bench.
We see a couple of title screens.
We see a man perform a series of Capoeira moves with the names before the move.
We see a man shift and roundhouse kick.
The man does a handstand on one hand and kicks his legs in the air.
The man does a flip from a handstands.
We see the ending credits.
A little girl plays softly the drums holding two sticks while she is singing on a microphone.
The, the girl plays more fast the drums.
People are sitting in rafts going down a river.
A man is standing on the side of a river taking a picture.
People are getting out of the raft onto land.
A gymnast stands and waves her arms before a performance.
The gymnast hops up and mounts the balance beam.
The gymnast does a routine on the balance beam doing flips and hand springs.
The gymnast jump and does the splits in the air.
The gymnast dismounts the balance beam onto the mat.
A boat sails in the choppy waters of an ocean.
The big waves moves the boat up and down.
A person stands on front the boat wearing dark clothes.
We see a man preparing to throw a hammer in track and field.
The man shakes his legs and walks to the field.
The man spins hard and throws the hammer.
We see the hammer as it flies across the track.
A woman is seen looking at the camera then crying and hugging a group of people.
Shots of people playing shuffle board are shown followed by people celebrating and the woman speaking to the camera.
More shots of celebrating are shown and the team mates all hug one another.
Several people in a lab create a formula, and interview with a journalist,  interspersed with images of people applying sunscreen to themselves.
Many people are shown on video in candid shots of them applying sunscreen to themselves while outdoors.
A woman in a lab prepares a formula of varied ingredients interspersed with talking to a camera.
More scientists are shown in the lab interviewing and talking intermixed with shots of them preparing formulas in the lab and one final shot of a man in an outdoor market handling ingredients for sale.
A woman is standing by a toilet in a bikini.
A man is rubbing sunscreen onto her legs.
She begins to rub her leg.
A man in a red shirt is clapping his hands.
He runs down a track and jumps in the sand.
People rake the sand out afterwards.
A man is standing in a room holding a large instrument.
He begins to play the instrument behind a microphone.
A man in a green shirt is talking into a microphone.
A man in surfing attire is featured with his name and size of his board.
The video cuts to the beach and the man begins to surf.
He catches waves but wipes out early on most of them.
A bird appears to divebomb into the ocean.
Other surfers further out appear.
a man is standing outside with a paint pan.
He talks as he demonstrates how to paint outdoor wood.
He shows off a paint roller.
He continues talking about the process as he stands there.
A medical processional puts a device and needle in someones face.
It is actually a piercing.
He cleans it and then she gets up.
A woman is giving instructions on how to make her lemonade.
She shows all of the ingredients that she uses and starts to boil them and mix them on a pot on the stove.
In a blender she blends some strawberries and lemon juice.
She then starts to do more or less all of those steps again for all different types of other lemonades that she makes.
A man in a blue costume throws something into the audience.
He picks up a green can and takes a drink.
He then plays rock paper scissors with another man across from him.
A close up of a woman is seen looking off into the distance and holding a dart.
She throws the dart onto the board which is show up close.
The woman then clenches her fists and her throw is shown again.
A woman stands holding a violin against herself.
The woman plays the violin.
The woman stops playing the violin.
A large group of people are seen standing around an indoor gym behind one another.
The group then begins dancing with one another performing the same moves.
The people continue to dance around the room while the camera records their movements.
A person's hand is seen holding a paint brush.
The hand then puts drops of ink on paper.
The person's hand is seen again with the paint brush.
The hand returns with an ink dropper and creates pictures with ink.
The hand gently touches the picture with a paper towel.
A man is talking inside a gym.
A group of female gymnasts form a cluster, then lift a girl over their heads.
They hold her up by one leg before twirling her back down and catch her in their arms.
A woman lies on her back doing abs.
The woman raises her kneed to the chest and pull the head with her hands.
Then, the woman stops and a dog approach to her.
A woman wearing a hat is seen sitting behind a large set of bongo drums.
The woman plays on the drums continuously.
The woman continues hitting the drums and ends by pointing to the camera and standing up.
People on a river bank get on inflated boats and raft in a river with choppy waters.
Two men are on a red canoe.
A group of rafters go down the river while, also people in canoes raft.
The rafters arrive to calm waters, then a team celebrates a victory.
A man is holding a chain saw over his head.
He starts clipping the top of the hedge.
People are walking on the sidewalk behind him.
A gymnast is seen standing before a large beam and putting his hands up in the air.
He then performs a gymnasts routine while swinging himself all around the bar and ends by jumping down.
Several individuals play against each other in a table football match.
Two individuals walk by in the background.
Another two individuals walk by in the background.
A flag waves on a pole in a field.
We see a mascot roll a ball to home plate and fall when its kicked back and hits him.
We then see the mascot kick the ball and run a home run.
The mascot runs and catches a ball in the field.
The mascot high fives a line of people and chest bumps the last man knocking him over.
A young boy is seen riding along a skateboard followed by several more shots of people riding on boards.
The boys perform several tricks while the camera pans into the sky and move up and down the track.
A person blows leaf off of a lawn and walkway using a leaf blower.
The person begins by pointing the leaf blower towards leaves around a bush and near grass.
The person blows leaves out of a tight corner and then progresses to a walkway.
The person blows leaves from a walkway and across a lawn.
We see an animated opening screen.
We see an aerial view of a beach with people all over.
We see people building sand castles.
We interview a judge, who then walks among the people.
We see two men interviewed.
We see an awning over the beach and canopies beyond that.
A woman dressed in workout clothes and a jacket is walking down a hall and stops to talk about whats behind the door.
Once she opens the door,the camera pans many workout machines and the woman begins talking to the program director.
After they are done talking,the young woman begins working out with the rest of the class as the trainer walks by making sure they are working out properly.
Finally,the workout is finished and everyone begins high-fiving one another and the woman begins to talk again.
The person is squeezing the lemons in the squeezer.
The person pour the lemon into the white spray bottle and added water.
The person spray the lemon juice in a bow and rub the bowl with sponge.
A woman in man in black clothing stand in together and discuss a routine.
