The shoe is cleaned more with the toothbrush and a towel.
A man uses a large plastic blue bat.
He swings it at a pinata shaped like spongebob squarepants.
He misses several times, and keeps swinging.
A person is down below and is swinging a fabric and hitting it onto something.
A wide shot of a city is shown from the from above.
The view pans to other parts of the city and then zooms on other people hitting fabric onto an object as well.
Several men play table football while an audience watches on.
A bald individual retrieves the ball and reinserts it into play.
The bald individual reaches for the table for some reason.
The bald individual retrieves the ball and reinserts it into play again.
The players shake hands as the match ends.
The man walks out from his house and opens his car door on a snowy day.
The man lifts up the windshield wipers of his car.
The man uses a house broom to sweep snow off of his car.
The dog plays with the owners.
The man gets in his car and backs it towards the house into a parking spot.
A person is seen speaking to the camera and walking into a tattoo shop, followed by a person getting tattooed by an artist.
The man continues speaking to the camera while another is being tattooed in the background and continues speaking to the camera.
There are people working in a drink food stand filling cups, shaking cups, holding cups or just walking around.
A young man fills a clear cup with liquid, puts it on the counter, covers it with a paper cup, shakes it vigorously, and when he's done he puts the paper cup down and pours all the contents into it, puts a yellow straw into it and hands it to the person waiting.
Next to him another boy was also shaking a cup, and then preparing to transfer the contents to a paper cup.
A woman demonstrates how to do Tai Chi outside on the grass.
The same woman demonstrates Tai Chi indoors on a stage.
A second woman joins the first woman to help demonstrate.
A field of two teams are shown fighting over a lacrosse ball in the middle of a large green field.
They then get up and continue playing across the large field.
Shortly after,a small brawl begins in the middle of the pool and a man in a black uniform nose begins to bleed and the game is at a halt and replays are shown.
A woman and a man are standing outside doing some interesting techniques with one another.
They seem to work well with one another moving in sync of or less never hitting the other.
They are doing some type of karate or something.
The one grabs the man intensely and hugs him it looked they wanted to kiss but they didn't.
A car is seen driving along the road that leads into people tightening roads and grabbing drinks.
Several clips are shown of people walking across the rope as well as bouncing on it.
More close ups are shown of peoples faces as well as standing an bouncing on the rope.
A woman demonstrates how to do sit ups, in a gym room, using a woman who is simulating the exercise as an example.
A woman kneels on the hardwood floors of a gym room and talks to the camera.
The camera pans out and another woman is revealed lying on her back on a gym mat as the woman kneeling above her continues to talk.
The woman lying down demonstrates how to do a  sit up and the other woman continues to talk at times touching the other woman's stomach.
A close up of boots are seen as well as person digging a hole.
The person lays out dirt and cut a hole into it while also putting a plant inside.
The person waters the plant and ends by laying out more dirt.
The man is wearing an apron as he walks into the works space and the words "Conti Ski-Boots Service Presents Race Operation" is overlayed onto the screen as he grabs a ski pole and picks up a drill and uses it on the top of the ski.
The man then grabs the ski and puts it into the green machinery that is located behind him and runs it through the machine a few times then removes it and stars to work on the backside of the ski which appears to look like he is sanding, taping and pouring some type of clear finish onto it.
The man then runs a device over the sky that looks like an iron, and continues to sand it, clear it off, scrape it, and use the ironing device again.
The man then removes the tape and turns the ski onto it's side to scrape at it.
When he's finished he grabs the ski and puts it into a compartment that is located above the green machine.
A man closing his house door and then opening his car door.
He gets in the car and puts the keys in the ignition and starts driving down the highway to his shop.
He gets some boards and starts sanding them down smoothing them out.
When the day is over he turns the lights off and gets ready for work.
Several various shots are shown of a large boat traveling along a tough storm.
A man is seen steering the boat through the storm and talking to a camera with the video ending of more shots of the boat.
A woman uses a NordicTrack exercise machine.
The exercise machine is shown by itself.
The woman uses the machine again.
The machine's digital display controls are shown.
A splash screen of a woman and a show title are shown.
The woman exercises on the machine again.
A person paints flowers onto a white canvas with a fine brush.
The person removes the painting from the table and shows the finished product.
A person is seen riding around on a horse over jumps in slow motion while others watch.
The video moves quicker as more people are seen jumping over obstacles and one speaking to the camera.
Several more clips are shown of people riding around on horses as well as pictures inbetween and more close ups of horses.
A man is seen hosting a news segment that leads into him speaking with two other people.
Shots are shown of a young man playing pool with his father watching on the side.
The man continues to play while his father watches and speaks to the news host.
Two people are seen speaking to the camera followed by several drinks laid out.
The people then begin mixing ingredients with one another and speaking to one another.
The people continue mixing drinks with one another and presenting them to the camera.
A man up on the roof putting up some metal pieces through the shingles.
He's putting little metal pieces on the metal to keep them held.
He talks about it a little bit jokingly.
Then he tried to adjust it a little more.
A team of young cheerleaders are in a gym doing toss ups and flips.
The owner then comes along and begins to talk as the video goes over the materials each person will need.
After,three girls are shown standing in a straddle position and begins to clap and lunge with their right hand to the side and go down.
The girls continue to do the cheer and when they are done, the owner joins in.
Once the coach disappears,the girls continue the cheer and the video ends.
Two teams are on a field with referees.
They are involved in a game of lacrosse.
They run across the field, trying to keep the ball out of the opponent's goal.
A man and a woman are sitting in two separate floating donuts, the man in the blue, the woman in the green, and both are smiling then the man raises his left arm to wave.
A group of people are also on different colored floating donuts, playing, falling in the water and having a good time.
A brown haired woman standing in a pile of floating donuts is holding a mic and talking, and other clips begin to play that include scenery of the lake, interviewing various people of ages and both sexes, people walking with their floating donuts, signs at the lake, people having fun and etcetera.
The woman is now sitting in a green floating donut, still holding the mic, and still talking.
A white screen appears appears with a maroon and white logo, then it changes to another white screen that has a blue website in the middle of it.
A woman and a man battle each other in a game of arm wrestling.
She beats him and showcases her muscles.
They do it again, she wins again, and shows off her muscles.
A man is seen standing in a large pit with a group of children and teaching them how to stand.
The kids then get powder on their hands and the man chases them around and has fun.
A person is seen riding down a snowy hill followed by a man working on a machine and pulling paper out.
The camera zooms in on the machine and the man takes a ski and runs the ski over the machine.
He shows off the ski while continuing to use them on the machine and showing off how they look.
A man is seen putting tape on a set of skis on each end and begins rubbing wax on the ski.
The man then takes a sander and runs it all along the length of the ski.
The man then takes a board and rubs it along the ski and ends by taking it off.
A man throws a bowling balls and throws all the pins every time.
Then, the man continues playing bowling successfully.
The man miss one pin in the last play.
A man is sitting on a chair next to a talk show host.
A woman is hosting a beer pong tournament, and the two men go over to the table.
They drink and try to throw the balls into the cups.
The band plays in the background as the men play.
woman is in a shower spreading soap and water in her arms.
woman is shaving her legs on the bathtub.
someone open the curtains and is a man that is inside and runs from the bathroom with a mask on his face.
A man is seen standing in front of a window speaking to the camera while wearing a headpiece.
The man then brushes along the sides of the window and points back and fourth to the window while speaking to the camera.
A female gymnast goes through her routine as her coach supervises.
Graphics appear at the bottom of the screen that gives the girl's name and country she represents.
Her coach walks to the uneven bars to position himself in case she falls.
The coach walks up to the uneven bars a second time to position himself to catch her if needed and then walks across to the other side of the mats.
She gets off the uneven bars and lands on the mat and poses.
A boy welds a piece of metal in an indoor shop while wearing a protective coat, helmet, goggles and gloves.
A boy in a shop talks to the camera while standing in front of a piece of metal and handling welding tools in preparation to weld.
The boy begins to weld creating extreme sparks of fire like reactions in front of him over the material being welded.
The boy shows a close up of the red hot tip of the tool, finishes welding, and pans the camera to another young boy dressed in the same protective welding gear behind him.
A woman is standing in a camp site.
She lights matches and throws them into a pile of wood.
A man is doing various tasks while doing crunches.
He stops and talks to the camera.
He raises the back on his work out machine and starts doing crunches again.
He sits up and continues talking to the camera.
A person is seen making a drink close up followed by him speaking to others on a mountain.
More shots are shown of the man having a drink as well as speaking to others.
The man has another drink and plays pool followed by a picture of them.
Ingredients are mixed together in a silver bowl.
It is then placed on a cookie sheet.
The cooked food is then shown and broken in half.
As a red cut scene passes a young man in a blue shirt is seen concentrating.
Afterwards another man is seen on a curling rink releasing a rock stone as two other men use brooms to clear the way as the stone travels down the path.
The act continues with the same men once more engaging in the same act.
Afterwards another young man in a blue shirt repeats the same move as the white team looks on.
Finally as spectators look on, a member of the white team releases a rock stone and two men from the team use brooms to clear the path.
A man cleans the rim of a wheel with a brush, then the man rinse the car with a hose.
After, the man applies detergent with a washing scrub brush.
Next, the car enters inside an automatic car wash machine.
An intro leads into several pictures of a tennis player and leaders into video footage of the player playing matches.
The tennis player is shown in several shots of games performing incredible stunts and clenching his fists to celebrate in the end.
Two people are seen standing in front of a large crowd with one cheering and shoving his arms back and fourth.
The men throw the ball back and fourth and switch places with another, ending with the same man cheering and hugging another.
A lady plays the harp and another plays the flute in an orchestra and we see the conductor and return to the flute lady.
We see the whole orchestra playing and return to the flute lady and the orchestra cut back and forth.
We watch the conductor as he works and see the orchestra.
We see the harp again and the orchestra before returning to the harp.
A group of sail boats sail together through choppy water on a windy day.
Two men pull on the rigging seated on the small sailboat.
The sail boat makes a turn in front of the bow of another boat only partly seen.
little kid is hanging from a pole in a playground.
playground is shown in a dusty field in a big park.
little kid is wearng pink shirt and is hanging from a side to side.
man is in front of an automaic cashier and take some money of it, and go talk with some men in a room full of people.
men are sittig in a blackjack table and are gambling in a casino and talking to each other while people is looking the game and walking around the table.
dealing is spreading the cards and men fire up a tobacco.
A young man is rappelling up the side of a cliff.
Another man watches and helps from below.
The man continues climbing until he reaches the top.
Two scientist throws stones in the water while talking.
Scientist writes a formula on a board, then the scientists run and jumps in the water.
Then, people water ski in the water pulling by a boat.
A woman water ski while two men explains the movements made by the girl.
After, a man water ski holding a water sky rope tie to a pole while a person watch, then he falls in the water.
After, a person water ski and then falls in the water.
A person is seen sticking their hands under a dink and rubbing soap on their hands.
The person scrubs their hands thoroughly and then runs them under a faucet.
She then grabs a paper towel to dry her hands and show them off.
A woman in an orange shirt is drinking a glass of beer.
The beer is pouring down the front of her shirt.
People behind her are dancing.
She finishes the drink and sets it down.
A woman is puts a rod in a base.
She then puts a skirt over the rod on the floor.
She puts a fake Christmas tree up on the rod.
A close up of the bow of the Christmas tree is shown.
She fixes the bow on the tree.
Multiple short clips play of different hockey moves and the names of the moves appear on the screen with it.
When the clips are done in intro screen appears with a cloud and the hockey ground as backdrop, the NHL logo and the words "HOCKEY SKILLS".
A group of people wearing all of their hockey gear are standing or kneeling on the ground while the look at a man who is standing and talking without a helmet on his head and the words on the screen say his name is "KEVIN WEEKES".
The man begins to demonstrate multiple different moves near the goal and he continues to talk throughout all of the demonstrations as the rest of the people watch him.
When the man is done talking and demonstrating other people in the group go up to the goal separately and they each do what they man was demonstrating.
A screen appears with a backdrop of clouds on top and hockey rink at the bottom with the logo in the middle and the words "HOCKEY SKILLS".
A gymnast walks up to a beam, preparing himself.
He mounts the beam, then does several acts around it, including spinning and flipping.
He dismounts and walks away.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera in an aggressive manner and leads into her holding up a hula hoop.
The woman attempts to hula hoop several times and succeeds by using it on her neck and bending down to the camera.
Blue text talks about the description of the video.
Some boys are shown performing backetball layups, one after the other.
One boy continuously does layups until the end.
Two sets of people are in the middle of the woods kayaking,in vibrant white water surrounded by large rocks.
They begin to move to their left and fall over the first hill of large rocks and meet in the corner and begin talking.
The second person begins to kayak and goes ferociously down the next steep hill of rocks and waits.
Shortly after,the man  in the blue jacket follows suit and comes behind them.
Lastly,they take two pictures with the forest as back drop near a brown sign with white words reading Great Falls Overlook.
A woman is seen outside playing a game of beach volley ball serving it over the net in slow motion.
It makes it over the net and the other team of two balls is able to hit it back over the net.
Both pairs of people continue to play the game and eventually the side with the man and woman on the team end up winning.
A young boy is seen holding onto a lawn mower and pushing it along the yard.
The boy continues to push the mower around while the camera captures his movements.
He pushes the mower back where he started and looks back to the camera.
man is sitting in a white room playing congas a bongos.
fat man wearing glasses is sitting on a chair in a white room.
man is sitting in a room playing salsa music with the bongos.
Teen compete skateboard down the road very fast.
A teen falls face down from his skateboard on the ground.
Another teen falls on the road.
Other teens continue skating and some on them falls while skating.
Several items are seen laid out on a table followed by a person presenting each item to the camera.
The person dips a brush into water followed by a cleaner and rubbing a rag across the brush.
The person scrubs down the shoes with the brush and wipes off the side with a rag.
He waits a certain amount of time and rubs the shoes again and presents them.
A girl put her foot on a line and then pulls herself up .
Her feet are dirty but she is trying to balance on the rope.
A man gets up on the rope trying to balance himself also, he has trouble maintaining his balance causing himself to almost fall quite a bit.
He tried this over water and then he watches a woman try to balance herself.
A man is standing in front of a net.
A man is standing in front of a wood fence.
Men are playing lacrosse on a field.
A man is skateboarding down a sidewalk.
He does a flip on the skateboard.
He falls off the skateboard onto the ground.
An asian woman is seen kneeling on the floor.
She rises very slowly, arms first.
She does several martial arts moves for the camera.
A person is seen sitting along the water with a close up of a paddle is shown.
The camera pans around to another group of people sitting in a canoe across from them.
More people are seen sitting in the water as well as boats along the water.
A man is standing on a skateboard.
He picks up the skateboard and holds it in his hand.
He puts the skateboard back down and continues skateboarding.
Two man sit at a table.
The man closest to camera crochets.
The man closest to camera scratches his ear.
We see a couple dance on a dance floor in a club.
We see a man looks in the camera and opens his mouth as a group of people walk past.
A man in a black shirt walks past the camera and stands their for a moment.
The lady shimmy's and bends down to the ground and back up.
The man dips the woman and the smile at the camera.
A woman is kneeling on the sandy beach.
She is helping a baby with suntan lotion.
She rubs the lotion on the baby's skin.
A person is standing on top of a high diving board.
They jump off and do flips into the water.
The crowd watches the person dive.
We see meat and cheese on a counter.
A man talks to the camera in a kitchen.
The man spreads mustard on bread.
The man assembles the sandwich.
The sandwich is pressed.
The man cuts the sandwich.
The man plates all of the food.
Scuba diver swim and glide underwater in the ocean near a rock face.
The scuba divers make hand gestures and joke.
The men swim up close into view.
A man is shown talking to the camera and leads into an athletic girl swinging around on uneven bars.
She hops down while the man talks again and switches back and fourth to him talking and her performing.
She puts chalk on her hands and continues flipping around on the bars and the man finishes speaking.
Several shots are shown of bulls running into people in busy streets and people becoming hurt by the bulls.
Many more shots are shown of bulls hurting people in various locations while others try to help them on the side.
An elderly man is seated in the living room.
He is playing an accordian.
He continues playing the accordian for the camera.
A band is marching down a street playing drums.
A woman in a black hat is standing on the street watching them.
People are standing up watching the band.
The boy holds open his eyelids and places in a contact lens.
The man tilts back his head and closes his eyes to adjust the contact lens.
The man rubs his eyes then opens them wide to show the contacts.
Ballerinas are dancing on a stage.
They all come onto the stage and pose at the end.
They bow and walk off the stage.
We see an opening title screen and a man and lady look happy and the lady throws her hands in the air.
We see a man dealing blackjack in front of a screen.
We see a C emblem screen.
We see the man continue to deal cards.
We see the ending screen.
A man places a tile onto the floor and pushes it down.
He smooths it out with his hands.
He moves the vent that is on the floor next to the tile.
A person is running on an excerise machine.
The camera zooms in to the feet.
The camera pans to the right slowly.
A person is seen riding around on roller blades and performing a grind on a bar.
Several more clips are shown of the person performing grinds with roller blades as well as other flips and tricks.
A person picks up a piece of fruit.
A brush is shown on the screen.
A man is shaving his beard.
The man looks at the camera and then goes back to looking somewhere else and talking.
then the cups they're both holding that has a blue liquid in it is then put into their mouths and they both gargle until they have lots of bubbles formed in their mouths.
men are standing in a geen grssy field playing croquet.
people are sitting on the field around the croquet game.
man wearing white uniform is talking to the camera in the field.
a man and a woman are talking to the camera.
A man is seen riding around on the water wake boarding behind a boat.
The man is shown in several clips performing a trick with camera affects point to his movements.
The man continues to ride around on the board while text appears to give instructions.
We see rafts and people in a building.
People board a bus and exit at a water park.
People grab rafts,and people on rafts fill a river.
We see an artificial waterfall and people sliding through it.
A person falls out of their raft.
A man holding a selfie stick is riding a raft.
Another man holding a selfie stick.
We see the phone number and credits for the video.
A woman is seen hosting a news segment with a man and leads into a person bring out a dog and petting the dog.
The man then demonstrates how to properly groom the dog while the host continues to speak and pet the dog.
A man is riding a skateboard down a suburban road.
Two more are shown as the camera man is spotting them from behind.
He pushes them, keeping them at a fast pace.
These horses are walking in a grassy area by themselves and then a woman is shown brushing the horse's hair.
The camera zooms in to shows the horse' nose and then the woman climbs onto the horse's saddle to ride it somewhere.
Then two other people are hsown riding the horse's in different settings.
A black screen with three rows of Arabic writing is shown.
A young girl then comes into the bathroom and begins to wash her hands.
As she continues,she begins talking and describing the process and then more writing appears.
The video's title and credits are shown.
A man rides a bicycle down a path with cars in the background.
The man disassembles and repairs the bicycle.
The man rides the bicycle down a stone paved path.
The man rides the bicycle down a road alongside parked cars.
A woman explains how to wrap a box with gift paper.
Then, the woman cuts the paper and wraps around the box using tape.
After, the woman folds the sides of the paper and cutting a piece to fit the box, then put tape to joint the ends while explaining.
A man has a tool he uses to trim cat claws, he messes around with it a little bit and then he gets up to find his cat.
He pets the cat a little bit as to not make it so suspicious and scared.
He gets the kitty in a good position and starts feeling for her claws and one by one starts to clip them.
Then he moves her the other arms and pets her some more, showing the difference between her clawed and declawed nails.
A mans hair is seen close up followed by a razor being used on the sides.
A person is seen combing the person's hair while still using the trimmer.
The man's head is also seen being shaven on the side.
A small dog is playing with a pink frisbee.
A man in a white shirt and red shorts lays down and puts his feet in the air.
The dog stands on top of the mans feet.
People are watching them on the sidelines.
A man in a yellow life vest is sitting in a canoe.
He is paddling from side to side.
The camera goes underwater next to the canoe.
A girl wearing a white ski jacket runs along the ski slope pulling an orange inner tube.
A tubing attendant assists a group of kids load up on their inner tubes.
The kids slide down the slope together in their inner tubes.
The kids climb back up the tubing slope and slide down on their inner tubes once again.
A young woman is practicing on a track and field track, sprinting and high jumping over a high bar and landing on her feet while three men in the background are watching her practice.
The woman jumps again, this time sprinting a little bit faster.
The woman jumps again with a longer run up.
Another young woman in the background is jogging by.
The woman jumps again with an even longer run up and adds a small skip/hop to her initial run.
A man in the background is jogging on the field while another man stands and stretches his legs.
The woman doesn't clear the bar perfectly and it falls off of it's poles.
The woman jumps again with an even longer run up and a more powerful skip/hop to start her run.
The woman jumps again with the long run up and powerful skip at the beginning.
We see an opening title screen.
The man then puts plaster on a base and applies it to the ceiling while on stilts.
The man walks back and forth smoothing the applied plaster.
The man walks to and turns off the camera.
We see the ending title screen.
A female athlete runs quickly down a track.
She plows into the sand before getting up and walking away.
The scene is repeated three times before ending with her cheering and clapping.
A kite is flying in the sky.
A little girl is holding the string of the kite.
She's walking backwards and talking to someone while watching the kite.
man is snowboarding going down a hill sliding in zigzags passing small flags.
man is talking to the camera in a dark room.
man is snowboarding on the snowy slope and a video is showing the right position of the body when going side to side.
A woman helps a little boy kick a ball during a kickball game.
Each time the ball reaches base, another kid has a turn to kick.
The woman is leaning on the pool table focusing on the ball.
The woman hit the ball and cheered .
The woman hit the ball again and started jumping.
A large slide is shown with dozens of children climbing up and going down.
Children run up and down the side and continue to ride down the slide.
The camera pans all around the slides and shows the kids going down.
Two bikers are riding their motor bikes through rough terrain.
They are dressed in biking gear with protective helmets and clothing.
They are going on hilly slopes and uneven terrain on their motorbikes.
They go through extremely steep and dangerous dirt roads at high speed.
They also go over ramps created in the dirt road.
They continue biking through the dirt at high speed as they create a cloud of dust behind them.
A lighthouse is shown on the beach before we see a man running with a surf board.
The man rides a wave, then through it.
He completes several stunts before walking onto the beach with the board under his arm.
A woman is seen standing in a bathroom wrapped up in a towel.
The girl holds her hair up with one hand and rubs makeup on with the other.
A man is seen standing on a tennis court on one side of the fence.
Another person is seen standing on the other side and then hit a ball to one another.
The person misses the birdie and walks over towards it.
The people are walking in the street with marching band.
The men in green vest are walking on both sides of the parade.
The man in neon green jacket is taking picture of the parade.
man is standing in a workshop standing in front of a bicycle talking to the camera.
list of materials is shown in the screen.
man is putting red tape on bicycle bars.
the man is wrapping all the bar in the red tape.
A woman is seen carrying a snow blower and pushing it along a path.
The woman continues pushing the snow blowing along the snow with the camera following her movements.
She moves back and fourth while stopping to speak to the camera and continue moving.
A man is assembling a bike on a table.
He is putting training wheels on the back wheel of the bike.
He puts the front tire on the bike.
He puts the handlebars on the bike.
He puts the pedals onto the bike.
He puts the seat onto the bike.
We see a smiling man with credits running on the screen.
We see an instructional screen.
We see two men playing a game of squash.
We then see the ending title screen.
A man is seen talking with a camera very close to his face.
Another man with a helmet on is standing near by.
A third man is seen in a car next to the man talking.
The man wearing the helmet starts down the street on a skateboard.
The man goes down a few very steep hills on his skateboard.
The man rides past a stop sign.
The man with the camera and the man in the car follow filming the man on the skateboard.
After the stop sign, the car passes the man on the skateboard.
The car stops and the man on the skateboard stops just past them and picks up his skateboard.
A hand is shown flipping a switch.
A the hose of a leaf blower is shown.
The hose begins forcefully blowing leaves away from the camera.
The person holding the leaf blower repeatedly swings the hose left to ring blowing leaves into a pile.
A close up of balls moving around a pool table are shown followed by a person walking around the table.
Two men then hit the balls around the table back and fourth while many watch and react around them.
The video leads into several shots of javelin athletes throwing poles down a large track.
Many people are shown running down the track throwing the javelin and watching where their pole lands.
A girl is playing hopscotch on a back porch.
A person is sitting down on a picnic table watching them.
The other person gets up and starts playing.
Lots of people are seen walking by in the beginning of the video.
Then different people are shown skiing up ramps to do cool tricks.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while sitting in a chair and putting his arms up every now and then.
He then plays a harmonica moving his hands around while pausing to speak to the camera and ends up speaking and pointing.
A bull is in a ring, looking at the bullfighters on the outside.
A bunch of fighters walk up behind it.
They begin to fight with the bull, sometimes pulling his tail and waving the cape in front of him to make him charge.
Two sumos stand face to face on front a woman.
Then, the sumos push each other while the woman watch them.
After, a  sumo falls on the ground heavily, then he stands.
A man wearing yellow clothes approach the ring.
There is a field with a kite laying in it.
A man is preparing to fly the kite.
The kite gets airborne and soars.
Eight middle aged white men are on one of a rope attempting to win a game of tug-of-war outside in a field at what looks to be a tournament.
As the game begins,the men all fall into a slanted position as they struggle to pull the rope.
Suddenly, a man from the sides begins to talk to the man in the front and gets in his face as if he's giving him a pep talk to stay strong,win,and not let the other team get the best of him.
The game continues and you can see that the team is being drug but they suddenly gain strength and pull the rope back to their side,then they all stand up as the game is finished.
A person is seen turning on a faucet and rubbing their hands under the water.
The person pushes soap into their hands, watching the soap drip down, and then scrubs their hands.
graphic about how to do digital wallpaper is shown.
man is in a room with a digital paper machine and the machine is printing a sign.
men are sticking the wallpaper to a white wall.
A person with no arms is seen sitting in a chair and playing the guitar with his feet.
He continues playing while singing along and moving his feet up and down the guitar.
Various athletes are seen standing together in the middle of a large stadium and leads into a woman throwing a shot put and then walking away.
Several more people are seen walking up and throwing the object with a woman running with the american flag and standing on a podium with others.
Four people are doing situps on the ground.
The third person is paused.
The farthest person is barely visible.
A woman is showing her finger nails to the camera.
A woman in a black shirt is sitting in a room talking to a camera.
A person is doing someone else's nails on a table.
They are putting fake fingernails on them.
They are cutting the nails down.
They begin painting the nails.
A close up of a lawn mower is seen with a person's shoes walking behind.
A camera pans out of a dirt hole and shows a man placing it down next to a tree.
The camera pans around the tree and shows the man checking up on the dirt.
A hummer backs a boat down a ramp.
A person is wake boarding behind the boat.
People are sitting on the boat.
A woman is washing in a sink and shows a little bottle.
Then, the woman add several potatoes in a steaming pot.
After, the woman put the potatoes in a bowl and then peel a potatoes easily.
The colorful title screen is seen.
Two people in a room dance slowly to the back.
A title screen loads and we see the man dance alone.
We see a title and the lady in the green room dancing alone.
A title loads and we see the man's feet as he dances.
A title loads and we see the ladies feet as she dances.
A man is holding another man on his shoulders in a wrestling ring as the crowd cheers and watches.
the man throws the man on his shoulder to the ground.
Both men lay on the ground int he ring.
A group of four men talk in front of a camera.
There is an animated sequence.
They continue to talk in front of the camera.
Two of them stand holding a rake and they play rock paper scissors.
One loses the game and jumps on the rake.
Replays of him jumping on the rake.
The other two hold the rake and play rock paper scissors.
A different person loses and jumps on the rake.
They show replays again of him jumping on it.
A different set of guys hold the rake and play rock paper scissors again.
One loses and jumps on the rake again.
They show replays of him jumping on the rake.
The other guy then jumps on the rake.
They once again show replays.
All four are once again talking in front of the camera.
It ends with other videos of their you tube channel.
A boy drinks something from a small cup in a bathroom.
The boy runs into the room and jumps on the bed.
The boy swallows the item in his mouth and covers his mouth with his hands.
A woman is mowing a lawn, pushing the mower back and forth.
She covers half the lawn and driveway before the video ends.
A large building is seen with cars driving by and people walking around an arena.
Several people are then seen shooting bow and arrows at a target and waving their hands in the air.
The people continue to shoot the bow and arrow at the target while others watch on the side.
A man sits on a stationary bike on a stage and starts working out.
He sticks one leg up to the side.
He gets off and does a hand stand.
A woman is seen playing a flute while a man speaks into a microphone and two people play the piano behind her.
The woman pauses to speak to the man and the man takes the flute from her and plays.
The man hands her back the flute to play and ends by still speaking to her.
A camera pans all around a wooded area and leads into two people riding around on skis.
Several shots are shown of various people riding behind a boat on skis and performing tricks.
The people continue riding as well as hanging on the side on a large pole.
A man in a suit plays a flute on stage in front of a man playing a piano.
They finish playing and the man playing the piano stands up.
A man in a coat is pulling a board up a hill of snow.
He starts snowboarding down the hill.
The man lifts the goggles off of his face and smiles.
People are snowboarding down a hill together.
A man is seen holding a stick in his hands and speaking to the camera.
The man attempts several times to hit the ball followed by him picking it up and hitting it off into the distance.
A man wearing surgical clothes demonstrates the proper way to wash hands for surgical procedures and first removes jewelry.
The surgeon then wets his hands and ads soap.
The surgeon then rubs the palms together and builds a lather.
He then rubs back of hand with palm.
The surgeon then rubs the back of fingers with hands.
He then rubs the thumbs with the palm clasping thumb.
Then he rubs the tips of the fingers into palm.
Then he rubs the wrists and rinses the hands in wter and fully dries his hands.
People are shown walking along a beach.
Several people in paintball gear are running through an obstacle course.
The people shoot at each other, hiding behind the obstacles.
The winner dances and runs across the field.
A man sits at a table and holds a screwdriver which he presses it against the tabletop.
The man pretents to time himself and uses the screwdriver tool to pierce a hole in a full beer can that sprays some of its contents.
The man holds up the can with the hole facing upwards.
The man drinks the contents of the beer can from the hole after opening the top.
The credits of the video are shown.
A lady sits back, talks, and drinks coffee.
Credits of the clip are shown.
A tutorial is given on how to make a perfect french manicure.
An advertisement is shown at the end.
We see a white opening screen.
We then see a man holding something wrapped in a plastic bag.
A woman joins the man.
The man opens the plastic bag.
The lady gift wraps the box for the man.
The man takes a shot at the gift wrapping.
The lady finishes wrapping the gift.
The man folds an edge, and the lady tapes it.
The man presents the box to the camera and talks.
the closing screen is then seen and it goes black.
A large yard is shown with leaves laid out front and a man speaking to the camera.
The man pushes the leaves around the yard.
The man holds up the leaves and speaks to the camera.
A close up of a man is seen holding a coffee cup and leads into him taking a sip.
He nods his head in approval to the coffee and is shown again drinking more coffee next to a person.
A man demonstrates how to change the tire on a car.
A car drives through a street and then shows as being parked at which a man approaches the car holding a lug nut removal tool.
The man removes the lug nuts and then jacks the car up.
The man then removes the tire and pulls a spare tire off of the back of the car.
The man then puts the new tire on the car.
A woman wraps several Christmas gifts.
A woman smiles and cuts a wrapping paper with a scissor.
The woman places a teddy bear in a bowl.
A woman puts two crystal presents in a white and pink box.
A woman holds up a covered gift wrapped in silver wrapping paper.
A woman places a jewelry box in a box.
The woman presents a gold bowl.
The woman holds out stacked, wrapped gifts with her hands.
The woman blows glitter papers from the palm of her hand.
The sponsor of the clips is introduced and displayed on the screen.
A woman stands on a track.
She bends over on the track.
She then runs down the track.
She jumps and lands in the sand.
A young woman is seen speaking to the camera and leads into her showing off her hair then tying it into a ponytail.
She sprays down her hair and then braids her bangs followed by pushing the braid back into a ponytail.
She puts a bow in her hair in the end and smiles off to the camera.
A toddler wash his hands in the sink.
Then, the toddler splash water on his face and smile.
The toddled puts water on his face, and then moves his head.
A special effect intro that looks like a chalk board on wood appears and the words on it say SKI SCHOOL on the upper left, and the middle words say "Ski Tips: FOOT ROTATION" along with a website at the bottom and a blue circle icon on the upper right.
A man skis into view and he's standing on a snowy mountain with a lot of trees and he's talking and looks like he's giving tips on how to ski as he physically demonstrates and continues to talk the whole time.
The man is now back at his starting point where he was originally standing and he's talking again.
The special affect screen appears with a wooden background and 4 different pictures on the screen with words under them.
A woman is wearing a towel and standing next to a bath tub.
She puts shaving cream on her leg and shaves her leg.
The man is kneeled down to the floor, but he stands up to raise his arm and get on the bars to perform his act.
When he's done he flips off and bows, next a girl is shown sitting in the chair and then he is shown performing again but in slow motion.
Next, a girl is shown swinging on the uneven bars and when she's done she goes to sit down and talk about what she does.
An Asian woman with black hair in beige jacket and printed blouse, is talking in front of the camera.
Four black and white kites with blue and yellow diamond print on them are flying from the ground, a green octopus, dragons and other shapes of kites are flying in the sky, while men in red pull the kites.
A man is shown spinning in circles while throwing a shot put off into the distance.
Several men are then shown over and over again throwing the object off into the distance in various locations.
People are in the stands of an arena.
A bull gets drug out of the arena by horses.
A woman is talking to the camera.
A man is speaking about how things works while a woman works on a horse.
As he speaks he washes his hands with some hand sanitizer.
Then he gets soap and starts to wash his hands very throughly.
He grabs a napkin and dries his hands off still continuing to speak.
The woman is positioned to take off on the race track and the man moves out of the way for her to go.
Then she speeds off and does the triple jump into the sand making it all the way to the end of the 16 inch ruler.
Next she is shown standing off the track smiling with her arms raised in the air filled with joy.
A pair of shoes is displayed on a table while a man and a woman have a conversation.
A woman challenges a man to arm wrestling.
The man removes the shoes from the table.
The woman and the man arm wrestle.
The man beats the woman.
He takes out the shoes and displays them back on the table.
The woman and the man laugh as they carry on a conversation.
People practice ballet in a studio alone and in couples.
Then, a boy and a girl dance ballet, then a man enter and dance with the girl.
After, several couples dance ballet while other people observe.
A woman holds a dog and take to the bathroom to take a bath in a bathtub while rubbing the body with soap.
The dog waits until the woman grab a towel to dry the body of the dog.
The dog looks angry and show his teeth.
Then, woman give a kiss to then dog.
A man in a black tuxedo is speaking to the camera.
A person walks by in the background.
A group of people walk by in the background.
We see a game of poker being played.
An odd man appears in front of the camera.
We see the first man, then cards being dealt and we fade to a black screen.
We see a quick title screen.
We then see a man working on various things in a bike factory.
The man puts a bike together quick, puts it in a box, then on a conveyor belt.
We then see a person putting tools on the bike box.
The man begins to take the pieces part and put the bike together.
We see the factory briefly.
We return to the man putting the bike together.
He finishes and we see the customer service phone number.
We then see the end title screen.
A man gives a harmonica lesson with closeups and basically a way to tell about how to play the harmonica.
The man introduces other types of harmonicas as well.
A Mexican band is playing and singing.
The camera does a closeup on each member.
There is a crowd listening to them.
The band name is on the back of their shirts.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while leading into various pictures of speaking as well as smoking.
The man continues speaking while showing pictures intermittently of smoking and cigarettes close up.
There are many trophies on display that you can win for doing a good job.
Men on their bikes are waiting to start a race .
Two men hit their knuckles together before the race begins.
The audience is cheering and the riders are off going super fast trying to win.
An athletic man is seen spinning in circles and throwing a discuss long across a field.
He steps up and throws several more balls in a circle while in the end wiping sweat off his face with his shirt.
A little boy is standing outside on the sidewalk he has his arms behind his back holding something.
Then out of nowhere is starts to spin the thing in his hand, it looks really dangerous.
He starts to turn along with it when he catches a lot of speed.
Then he suddenly loses control of it and he ends up falling to the ground.
woman is riding a horse in a barn and another woman is leading the horse with a rope.
photos of various people riding horses are shown.
woma is riding a horse in a barn and pictures of people riding horses.
woman is riding a horse in a riding track.
and a girl is jumping in the tracks too.
childs are in a living room playing in front of a tv and pictues of theirs on the mood are shown.
childs are in a bridge dancing and jumping into the pool.
People are sitting and driving in a bunch of bumper cards on a track.
They slam and bump into each other, having fun.
A vacant beach is visible and people began to pull their cars up against the coast.
The sidewalk then appears and a boy begins to skateboard down the road near the beach.
He continues doing tricks and skateboarding through the city passing people and cars.
After a while,he sits down a takes a break and begins talking to another guy before he eventually gets back up to continue skateboarding.
A man is shown holding a large bin as well as several people around him gathering leaves.
More people are shown walking around scraping leaves while a woman speaks to the crowd and inspires them to work more.
The people continue working and the sun shines down on a tree.
a man in a grey warm up suit practices shot put behind a net.
Another man in a green sweatshirt practices a shot put throw in a field behind a net gate.
still photos are featured between multiple men practicing their shot put throw.
A series of shot put throws are featured in consecutive tosses.
We see a series of title screens.
We see a curling stone and a graph.
We see a person pushing the stone.
We see the stone on another graph.
We see a man push the stone and people sweep in front of it.
Various shots are shown of women putting lotion on themselves on a beach while the camera pans around from several sides.
More shots are shown of women in various angles rubbing lotion all over their bodies and looking off into the distance seductively.
A lady is talking in an office and holding a pink item.
the lady throws the pink item on a game board on the floor.
She then jumps hopscotch and picks up the pink item.
She throws it again and jumps again and returns picking up the pink item.
A picture of a dog in shown in a tub and leads into hands holding tools and a dog wandering around a tub.
The person puts toothpaste onto a brush and brushes the dog's teeth back and fourth.
Finally she puts gel in the dog's mouth and the dog is seen sitting on a bed waving to the camera.
A team of players run on a field.
They are holding some sort of rackets.
The swing them at each other.
Some players run past a yellow line.
Two girls are seen waving to the camera while one holds up a drink and the other plays with her hair.
The girls walk around a bit followed by drinking out of a glass and making funny faces to the camera.
We see two people under water in a pool.
The people exchange one flipper.
The men start to share a breather.
The exchange their other flippers.
The men change their air equipment.
The right man is unable to find the arm hole.
An athlete is seen sitting on the ground when a man walks over and hands him shoes.
The man then puts on the shoes and begins moving around the field.
The man kicks a ball around while the camera follows him from behind.
A close up of a machine is shown printing paper and leads into people working around the picture.
The people continue working with the machine putting paper through and measuring it and laying it out on a table.
The people are then seen hanging the paper up on a wall and presenting it in the end.
A group of guy friends are in the bathroom talking and having fun daring on of the boys to shave his leg.
The camera pans over to the boy's leg showing one of his friends shaving the hair off his leg with an electric razor.
A woman is completing a routine in the olympics on the balance beam.
She jumps up and down gracefully and then falls for a bit of a point deduction.
She finishes her routine and gets a hug from her coach.
A girl is seen speaking to the camera and walks into a hair salon and shakes hands with an stylist.
Several shots of an artist are shown and the man then begins cutting the girl's hair.
He hands her the hair and washes her hair followed by more cuts and looking into a mirror.
In the end her hair looks just like the artist and she is seen smiling and hugs a person, ending with a side by side picture of the artist and her.
A person is in the basket of crane on a roof of a barn, while a man stands on the truck holding a rope.
Smoke comes near a table.
People stand on front the barn watching, also two women and two children stand on front the barn.
A man dips a sponge into a bucket.
He uses the sponge to wipe black mud all over a boy.
Other people are covering people in paint.
They are preparing for the running of the bulls in spain.
A girl holds up a brush and walks up to the horse.
The girl brushes of the coat of the horse in a stable.
The girl removes the ankle braces from the horse.
The girl wraps up the braces together an puts them away.
A horse sticks his head out from a stable and a man watches.
A man is holding a camera as he stands talking beside a lake.
He goes through tunnels, walks along bridges, and stands over cliffs.
He drives down a road and records rafting on a white water river.
People are shown diving into deep waters off of cliffs before rafting again.
man is chewing gum sitting on the grades.
man is standing on ractrack holding a large pole and running to do a javelin throw.
people is going down the stairs.
A man in a neon coat is driving a car with the camera on a stick outside the window.
He drives quickly on the snow, laughing as he records himself.
He and his passengers stand on a snowy mound, spinning as they record themselves.
They then use saws to cut a path in the snow.
They water ski on the frozen water path.
A person is seen sitting behind a table solving a rubix cube while a timer records her.
Two men are seen standing around her and write things down when the girl eventually finishes.
We see an opening title screen.
A man dives into a large pool repeatedly.
A man sitting on the side middle takes photos while sitting.
The sitting man stands and takes photos of the diver.
The diver swims to the edge of the pool.
A man is standing on a stage in front of an american flag while reading into a microphone from a piece of paper.
He then is shown in front of a crowd as they scream behind him.
The men walk out, and begin competing in a dart throwing challenge.
The winner is interviewed afterward.
A black man caresses his beard and face in a loving way.
The black man uses a clipper trimmer to trim his beard and face.
The black man attaches an orange attachment to the clippers and continues trimming his beard.
The black man washes his face and beard and displays an array of accessories and applies them to his face and beard.
The video leads into several clips of track runners jumping over a bar with their jump being shown again in slow motion.
Several more people are shown jumping over the bar with one hitting the bar and not jumping over.
A window on a car is tolled down and a shirtless man walks to the are.
We see shirtless men in small tight underwear washing cars.
The men walk in the parking lot in a line with only underwear on.
A man shakes his wet hair.
A man washes another man's butt.
A man wipes the water back and looks at the camera.
Men do dances in a line and scenes of washing the car.
We see the ending title screen.
A man jumps off a diving board into a pool several times.
Another person is swimming in the pool.
He does a flip and lands in the water before surfacing.
Several women are outside on a stage doing several exercises and working out as a group.
As they continue,several people begin to walk by the stage and watch them perform.
The instructors continue to dance and amp up the other teams to dance and they end by clapping it off together.
A commercial advertising a pumpkin cutter, a pumpkin knife, and a pumpkin light is shown using a family of two boys and one mother preparing pumpkins for the demonstration.
A little boy is shown using a pumpkin cutter to cut faces into a pumpkin.
The boy is then shown scooping out a pumpkin using a pumpkin scoop.
A boy is then shown placing a pumpkin light inside of a pumpkin as the mother leans in and smiles between the two boys and the finished pumpkins which now have carved faces with glowing lights inside.
A woman is holding a kitten in her lap.
A guy is clipping the nails on the cat.
A person is seen sitting in a tube drinking a beer while other people are seen siting off in the distance.
More shots are shown of the people riding along in tubes while drinking beers and speaking to one another.
Several kitchens are shown in the backdrop as a Around the House Menards logo flashes in the middle of the screen.
After, a man in blue polo is shown pasting tile on the back of the kitchen walls to renovate the home.
Another man is shown sanding and painting the wall and renovating another home.
A block of tile is shown again but it is flipped over to see the net on the back of it.
The men continue to renovate the house, measuring the wall,fixing the lights and pasting the tile on the wall.
Finally, the finished product of the wall is shown.
A large rock is shown followed by people moving around objects and leading into a new segment.
A man is then seen cutting up a pumpkin while a woman speaks and leads into a weather report.
The man then shows the pumpkin around a group of people as well as close up.
A man is using a large broom in a parking lot.
He spins the broom in circles around him.
The spinning brushes the piles of leaves out of the parking lot.
A teenager boy hits a Sponge Bob piata covered his eyes with a cloth while woman takes pictures.
A boy hits the piata until it falls while the boy cover his eyes with a blue cloth.
A man rubs his face with his hand and then he sticks his tong out.
Two kids are jump roping outside.
Two adults are kneeling down on the ground holding a jump rope for a kid.
The woman is talking to the camera.
A boy spills a glass on his face while jump roping.
men are playing beach football in a empty court.
man kick another player on the head and he holds his head.
There are about five to six young boys bouncing and jumping in an enclosed bouncy house with basketballs in their hands.
The coach is guiding them by blowing the whistle as the children continue to bounce and jump.
They take turns to throw the orange balls as instructed by their coach.
A  man chops a large notch into a lox with an ax.
The man uses his gloved hand to brush away splintered wood from the log.
Two women in a child are shown in a canoe while a man pulls the canoe while standing in the water, with other individuals visible in the background.
The child and a different man sit in a canoe while the man paddles.
The camera pans to show the first man in the foreground.
The child and the first man are in a canoe while the first man paddles.
A series of still images of the various people shown during the video are shown.
A person is wind surfing out on a lake.
Other windsurfers pass behind him.
We see a man walk over and sits on a rowing machine.
The man drink from his water.
The man rows fast on the machine.
We see a title screen.
We see the man stop rowing and walks and gets the camera.
The man then shows the screen on the rowing machine.
The man kisses his fingers and the camera falls to the ground.
A young woman is sitting in a chair playing with a cat.
She then takes clothes pins,grabs the nape of the hair and clips the cats nails.
After awhile,the cats tries to bite her hands,once the girl is done,she removes the pins and waves at the camera.
An older gentleman is brushing a brown horse.
He turns around and talks to an older lady.
The horse lifts its leg up.
A man is seen standing in a sand pit and begins spinning around and throwing the object.
The man is shown several times spinning around and throwing the object off into the distance.
A man is in a garage with newspaper on a table.
He shows how to cut the top off a pumpkin, and removes the insides.
Then he carves a design into the pumpkin, creating a novelty jackolantern.
We see a man in the pool with a cap on.
We see a man make a goal with a ball.
We see another goal scored.
We see another goal being scored.
We see the man score a goal and swim off.
We see the man outdoors swimming and make 3 goals.
We see another score and the men playing in the water.
Words are being displayed across the screen that read how to make the perfect sandwich.
The ingredients you will need are bread, cheese, ham, turkey sub kit deli meat, kraft real mayo, spicy brown mustard, seasoning and a knife.
Spread mayo on both slices of bread then put on mustard and cheese on both slices of bread put ham then turkey meat and add other seasoning to your taste.
A bull comes out of the gate at a rodeo and  man in the ring jumps on then off his back.
The man picks up his fallen hat in the ring.
The man runs around dodging the charging bull.
The man drops his hat in the ring.
The man jumps on the wall to avoid the bull.
Another man opens the gate and calls to the bull to enter the pin.
A man ina  shirt that says beast mode is making a video on what the best free workouts to do without a gym are.
He has a weight bar with no weight and he bends over a certain way.
He shows you how to use the weight bar for different weight lifting positions.
Once he is done with the weight bar he stands back and talks about it all.
Two people choreograph a routine with nunchucks.
The girls drop the nunchucks then dance around.
A third person joins and then leaves.
An athletic woman is shown jumping in slow motion over a pole, followed by several more women attempting the same jump.
Several more women follow behind performing the jump while the camera captures them in slow motion.
A woman is seen bending down to take a sip of water and leads into her spinning a hula hoop around herself.
The woman continues spinning the hula hoop around while grabbing several more and performing tricks in the city center.
A man is seen walking into frame bending down to grab a set of weights and begins to lift himself upward.
He then lifts the weight up over his shoulder several times while jumping to give himself momentum.
A baby is seen swinging back and fourth on a swing while laughing and smiling to the camera.
The baby continues moving back and fourth while looking up to the camera and smiling.
A female seems to be doing tricks with a hula hooping while being very flexible with her body.
the lady also rides a one wheel bike while hula hooping.
the girl then hula hoops while standing on a mat then hula hoops with two hula hoops standing in the same spot.
the girl then hula hoops hanging upside down,she also hula hoops around her hand while doing a split on a mat.
the girl hula hoops a big tire hula hoop then hula hoops with three hula hoops using her two hands and one feet in the air.
the girl then's try to hula hoop a lot of hula hoops at one time as other girls keep adding more to her.
An athlete is seen running down a large track and throwing a javelin into the air.
Her throw is shown again in slow motion followed by several more athletes who take their turns.
A car drives into a car wash bay.
The driver gets out and inserts money into a machine.
The person then washes their car with a pressure washer.
We see another machine, and a vending machine.
A woman is standing in a kitchen at the island in front of a blender and various ingredients.
She places apples and sugar into the blender with ice, and blends them together.
She then pours the mixture into two glasses while she continues talking.
A man is outdoors, cutting wires off a stack of sheetrock.
He moves the sheets, then muds the floors before laying them down.
The man presses the large sheets onto the ground.
We see people riding in bumper cars.
A girl is waving frilly toy.
A little boy in gray smiles a the camera.
We see a man in a red hat with a boy laughing hard.
We see a traffic jam on the right.
We zoom in on a lady in a white shirt.
The lady in white smiles at the camera.
The ride ends and the people all stand up.
A man is snowboarding down a very steep hill at a fast pace.
The video intercuts with various angles showing this trip down the mountain in a very exciting way.
The kid jumps off of a log intended for this purpose and continues down the hill.
Another man in yellow does back-flips off of a small snow ramp while going down the mountain.
Another man in blue does the same and there are various cuts going back and forth between the three of them.
They are highly skilled and going down every obstacle they can find.
The video then shows multiple people hiking up a very rocky mountain as they speak to the camera.
The people who climbed is then snowboard down it in a daredevil like stunt.
A little boy is bending over dipping a paint brush into a blue bucket.
He paints the fence in front of him.
He walks towards the camera.
A person kicks off a tubing participant to ride down the snow slide.
The camera pans to two tubers who are waiting to go down themselves.
The next two people ride down the slide.
Finally, The cameraman takes the ride and we get to live vicariously through them.
Three boys play a game of croquet on a large green lawn with croquet mallets and croquet balls.
The boy sit on a bench outside with a bag of croquet mallets and balls and talk to each other.
The boys then enter the field and hurt themselves trying to untangle the croquet tools.
The boys then start to play, talking to each other through it and end up chasing each other through the field and tackling each other on the ground.
The boys finally look at a cell phone together from the field and then layer their croquet mallets on top of one another in a seeming attempt to get the balls through the croquet goal by guiding them through the holes in the layered mallets.
cars are driving in a snowy highway.
a sign to a sugar mountain is shown and peolpe practicing snowboard.
people is snowboarding down a snowy hill.
snowy cars are riding in snowy hill.
men are snowboarding in a hill.
A little boy is playing hop scotch on the pavement.
There is a truck behind him.
He doesn't really play it right.
He jumps on all of the numbers.
He kind of runs through the game.
Cartoon buildings are shown, then a pair of angels.
We see a bucket filled with laundry.
The video explains how washing clothes should involve soaking and brushing, and hand washing.
Then it talks about rinsing and hanging the clothing to dry.
We finally see an empty dryer before an ad for Laundry Bin Heaven.
A boy is standing behind a music stand playing a flute.
He stops playing and smiles before walking away.
A man is holding a guitar and looks back and fourth between the camera and the guitar.
He moves his hands up and down the neck of the guitar and sings softly to the camera.
A woman is sitting on her little couch thinking about cookies.
You are informed of all the ingredients needed to make a batch of delicious cookies and the equipment required to make them.
She goes to the kitchen and turns on the oven and begins mixing ingredients in a kitchenaid.
Once mixed nicely she places the cookie in the oven and when they done she returns to her couch with her teddy bear and munches out.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and begins polishing a black shoe with a brush.
He points around the shoe and flips the shoe around with his hands.
A chef is working in a kitchen.
He presses buttons on a digital screen.
He prepares a large dish of pasta, which he cooks in the machine.
A small group of people are seen sitting in bumper car and begin driving around crashing into one another.
The camera follows around a woman he cannot seem to move the car and others on the side instruct her on how to drive as others crash into her.
A man stands on a bridge guardrail with a harness while another man holds him.
The man jumps off the bridge to the river below.
The man swings back and forth over the rapids.
Title credits are shown on the screen.
A woman talks to the camera in a gym.
The woman demonstrates a lifting exercise.
The woman turns back to the camera and talks again.
End credits roll on the screen.
The camera moves in on two cars parked on the street facing one another.
A young man is then seen riding a tractor along the lawn to cut the grass and moves all around the camera man.
People are going down a hill of snow on sleds.
People are standing on the side of the hill watching them.
People are making a snow man in the snow.
The words "How to Fly a Kite With No Wind" appear on a black screen.
Man wearing a yellow t-shirt appears in a large suburban field.
The man puts together a rainbow colored kite with long yellow tails.
The man drives a small green mowing tractor while holding the kite's string as it flies above.
A young lady speaks on screen and then drives the tractor while holding the flying kite.
A close up of a person is seen speaking to a person behind them and paddling along the water.
The people continue riding along the water as the water splashes around them and the woman stops to wipe her face off.
A large group of people are seen wandering around an area with a woman running past them.
The woman is seen speaking to the camera and continues to run around the beach area.
She runs along the boardwalk as well as past people and ends with her running a race and being interviewed.
An outdoor scene by the beach shows a large crowd near a resort.
They are cheering as several professional skateboarders perform stunts in a ramp pit.
The flip and turn in the air, going up and down the ramp.
The winners pose for photos with cakes when they are done.
A person is seen running down a long track with a pole and attempting to push herself forward.
Her run is shown again in slow motion as another person attempts to push over the pole and fails.
More clips are shown of people attempting to jump over the wall and not making it high enough.
A group of beach goers play a game of volley ball on a busy beach wearing swimsuits.
A woman dances after making a serve and hugs her friend.
A player scores a point and gives teammate a high five.
Beach goers are seen playing in the water.
People are working out in a room.
They are stepping on stepping stools.
They are dancing together while working out.
A woman is helping a little boy slide down a slide.
A woman is at the top of a slide helping a little boy slide down into the arms of another person in a red vest.
A woman is helping the boy down a slide and the same person in the red vest catches them.
The person in the red vest then kissed the child.
A boy puts freshly baked cookies on a cooling rack.
One gets stuck and he licks the spatula.
A girl wearing a red shirt and white shorts is standing in her bathroom at the sink with a toothbrush in her hand.
She takes some toothpaste and puts it on her brush and begins brushing.
She starts to dance as she brushes her teeth and wiggles her body too.
She continues brushing and dances faster and laughs.
Then she realizes that her mouth is full of toothpaste foam and that it is coming out, she spits it out in the sink.
Two slicess of bread,a plate,and two slices of cheese are on the counter.
The person then takes one slice,spreads the butter over it and puts two slices of cheese on it and adds the other slice on top of it.
The sandwich now has butter on both sides and the sandwich is placed in a skillet and is fried.
Once complete,it is placed on a red plate and cut in half with a thick knife.
A group of men are on a sandy beach playing soccer while a lot of people are looking on.
A man kicks the ball very hard, makes it in the goal and he throws his two arms up in the air and gives a team mate a high five and they all run back to get into place for the next play.
The replay of the goal that was kicked is replayed but in slow motion.
A person is sharpening a knife behind a table.
People are standing in front of the table watching.
He picks up the knife sharpener and uses it to sharpen the knife.
We see an opening sequence with flashes.
We see two men in a yard pushing an item in the grass.
We see a dirt patch in the grass.
We see the monitor on the device.
We see a tree in a round of dirt.
We see a root in the yard.
