She then adds butter and egg yolks, and stirs the whole thing up using a hand mixer.
She rolls the dough in plastic wrap before spreading it back out and cutting into shapes with cookie cutters.
The cookies are baked and ready to frost with sprinkles and frosting.
A person is seen speaking while smoking a cigarette and blowing smoke out of their mouths.
The person continues speaking while smoking the cigarette and gradually blowing smoke while she speaks.
Three wrestlers were in the ring and crowd iswatching intently.
One wrestler named, East of Angeles, back away and climb the ladder.
Another wrestler, TandumisGreat, gets up and starts climbing the other side of the ladder.
They started hitting each other on top of the ladder.
TandumisGreat climb on the back of East of Angeles and they both fall off the ladder, knocking East of Angeles.
TandumISGReat climbs once again on the top of the ladder and holds the hanging money bank.
Several close ups are shown of a razor that leads into a man shaving another's face.
The man shows his face again with the shaver putting cream on and beginning to shave.
The man uses various tools on the other to shave as well as speaks to the camera.
We see astronauts floating in a ship.
The man hands the lady the microphone.
The middle man crosses his hands and has the microphone.
The lady gets the microphone back and talks.
The lady grabs flute and plays.
A man is seen wearing a suit and walk away.
The man walks up to a large chair and sits down.
Another man is seen standing in front of the chair and begins looking down at the man's feet.
The camera follows several people on a walkway from a first person perspective.
The camera shows sliding down a snowy slope from a first person perspective alongside others.
The camera shows sliding down a snowy slope from a first person perspective looking backwards.
The camera shows another slide down the slope from a first person perspective alongside others.
The camera watches as multiple other people slide down the slope.
The camera catches another slide down the slope from a first person perspective while spinning.
The camera catches more slides down the slope from a first person perspective while looking left and right.
A man stands up in a raft.
Several rafts are on the ground, filled with people.
They listen to an instructor tell them what they need to do.
They raft through the rapids of a heavily flowing river.
One of the rafts capsizes at the end.
A boy is seated at a table in a crowded room.
He has a rubik's cube, and tries to solve the puzzle.
He times himself as he finishes the cube, tossing it down on the table.
A gymnast is seen standing ready and holding her arms up that lead into her climbing on a beam and performing a gymnastics routine on the beam.
The girl performs several jumps and tricks that ends with her jumping into a mat and holding her arms up.
A girl is smoking a cigarette.
A girl blows out smoke.
A guy sits, gestures, and discusses.
The guy gestures smoking a cigarette.
The credits of the clip are shown.
We see small boys playing tug of war in a field.
A man in black walks past the kids.
The kid in the white shirt lets go of the rope and puts his hands in the air.
A lady walks up and talks to the kids.
A woman is adding ingredients to a pan on the stove.
She stirs the ingredients in the pan.
She pulls a large pot of pasta and dumps it into the pan.
The credits of the clip are shown.
A boy paddles a boat.
The credits of the video are shown.
A person is using a leaf blower to blow leaves into a pile.
The leaves blow up onto a hedge.
They walk in front of a tree.
A woman manipulates a Rubik's cube while a man watches on in a competitive setting.
Two men walk through the camera frame in the background.
The woman puts the solved Rubik's cube on the table before her.
A camera zooms in on a large truck that shows a person walking around from behind as well as another.
The men begin pulling a rope and working from the back while the cameraman speaks to the camera.
The man continues to pan around the snowy area and watch the men work from behind.
man is welding a machine in a dark room.
man is welding a metal pot and smoke is spreading out of the pot.
man is wearing welding mask in a dark room welding something.
A man is working inside a shop.
He rolls a tire over to a piece of equipment.
He shows how to mount the tire onto the equipment.
A man is in a gym kneeling down holding a medium sized medicine ball.
He then sits up and starts to throw the ball back and forth against the wall.
After,a list of cues appear before showing off the venue and their youtube page.
Two women are washing dishes in the kitchen.
They go back and forth over the kitchen.
The scene is in very fast motion.
Several shots of people riding around kite surfing are shown as well as people speaking to the camera.
The kids attempt the wind surfing and are seen moving their arms and legs around and waving to the camera.
Two girls are seen dancing as well as people speaking to the camera and kids looking at the camera.
A group of people are seen standing around a Foosball table playing a game with one another using the poles to play.
The men continue playing game and fourth while the camera captures them from above and two walk away in the end.
There are three people playing racquetball on the enclosed court and the view is from the person wearing the camera.
The camera person picks the ball up with racquet balances it on the racquet, rolls it off and then hits to the wall.
The view changes to the door and there are two men standing at the door waiting to hit the ball.
A man is carving a pumpkin.
A man in a batman costume is shown.
The man continues carving the pumpkin.
A dog is chewing on a blue ball.
A man wearing glasses is holding a book and talking.
He is shown entering a bowling alley.
The man interviews players and joins them in a game of bowling.
A player explains the techniques he uses.
A group of boys are shown running down a gym holding hands and putting their hands into the air.
A woman speaks to the boys while they drink some water and transitions into them playing a game and scoring a goal.
The same shot is shown again in slow motion and several more shots of the boys playing are shown.
A girl performs on a balance beam.
The girl stands and performs two flips.
The girl jumps in the air two times.
The girl sits down then gets back on her feet.
The girl flips across the beam two times and dismounts the beam.
The girl raises her arms and turns to high five and hug a lady standing nearby.
A man is seen walking into a circle and looking off into the distance.
The man stretches a bit and begins spinning himself around.
He continues to spin and ends by walking away.
Players are on a court playing volley ball.
A man in a black shirt dives and hits the ground.
Someone scores and the crowd celebrates.
An Asian man wearing glasses, a green shirt with yellow stripes is sitting down talking in a room.
Still shot pictures of a book appear, and the man appears talking again, and then more black text on a white screen shows up.
The man appears again but this time he's outdoors and he's holding a very large archery and is showing the right and the wrong way to draw his string back.
The man then moves a plant and stands so that he's standing in between two of them on the ground and he begins holding his archery, and showing different ways to hold it.
The man appears again back indoors and sitting down talking.
A person is seen standing in front of a picnic table speaking to the camera while holding a bike wheel.
He then puts the tire on the ground, moving his hands around the make sure the tire is properly inflated.
He paces the tire back onto the table then pulls out a rope to tie it with.
A woman talks in a gym, then she drives a static bike.
Then,the woman and other people lift weight.
Then, the woman continues riding the bike and then lift weigh.
People are sitting bored in a lounge.
A man walks in holding a portable beer pong table.
The people get excited for him.
They play a few rounds of beer pong.
A man holds up a ping pong ball in front of a group of people.
Text appears on the screen.
A man attempts to walk across a rope spread between two homemade pieces of wood.
He balances on the rope, swinging back and forth.
He loses his balance and jumps off the rope.
There is a line of camels sitting on the ground in the Outback area of Australia.
there are tourists waiting to get onto the camels to enjoy a camel back ride.
Men in red shirts and cowboy hats are helping the tourists get on the camels' backs.
The camels slowly raise themselves up and begin walking around with the tourists on their backs.
The tourists are happy as they wave to the camera as they enjoy the camel ride.
The camels walk slowly through the dry and muddy grasslands.
Then the tourists get off of the camels and walk towards an outdoor dinning area where several tables are arranged with white tablecloths and dinnerware.
A person stirs a large bowl of lemonade.
A woman is chopping up a potato.
She adds the potato to a large pot of water.
She adds lemons and lettuce and cucumbers to the bowl.
She mixes it all together in a bowl.
Two people have their legs tied together and then receive instructions.
They walk out to a ledge and then go bungee jumping over the edge.
A girl competes vault gymnastic in front the judges while spectators observe from the bleachers.
The gymnast approach to her coaches to talk and then they leave.
After, the a flashback of the performance of the gymnast is show.
A small child is seen sitting in a swing.
The child moves back and fourth on the swing while a laughing.
A person's hand is seen pushing the child as she moves back and fourth.
Families are outside in a large field standing behind an orange make shift fence listening to a woman talk into a microphone.
A male then comes along dressed in the same shrit as a woman and begins to throw Frisbees to a dog.
This activity continues and the dog begins jumping over the dog's head and its back.
Others then join in and the boy picks up the dog and walks away.
A large group of girls dressed in cheerleading outfits are standing in formation and at the same exact moment the girls do a flip in sync and they begin their very detailed routine that includes, jumps, flips, hand claps and etcetera.
They break off into 5 different groups where all the girls huddle in each group and throw one girl in the air and hold her up, but suddenly the front group is unstable and the girl they are holding up drops, and the girls below all catch her and they just wait until the girls are done to resume their routine in sync.
They are all standing still in formation when suddenly one of the girls pulls off her left shoe and throws it to the side and they all remain still for a few seconds.
The girls resume their cheer and break up in 5 sections once again to hold a girl up in the air, but once again, the middle group loses the balance of the girl on top and they fail and she falls in their catch and they resume their routine that now include multiple flips from each girl until the finish.
wrestler is in a ring doing a head lock and a man jumps outside the ring and push the men.
referee is in the ring and counts the seconds of the wreslers on the floor.
A man and woman is seen walking onto a large stage away from one another.
The two then begin performing a tango routine with one another.
The man lifts the woman all around while they continue dancing and end by holing a pose.
Inside of a fence men are sitting upon horses waiting.
One of the men starts to chase after a bull on his horse.
He gets off of his horse and brings the bull down and starts walking back to his horse.
He gets back on the horse as the bull just lays on the ground defeated.
Several men stand together for the camera.
Scenes of multiple people performing capoeira demonstrations are shown with audiences in the background and foreground.
A large black item is drawn on a long sheet of white paper.
A person uses a brush to continue the painting.
They add leaves, creating a black plant.
A man speaks to the camera.
He rolls a big box into the room and proceeds to open a box where a bicycle sits inside.
From the inside of the box, he takes out a small box full of tools for the use of assembling the bicycle.
He's seen speaking to the camera again.
He removes all of the boxes sitting around the bicycle and assembles the bike.
Again, he speaks to the camera.
He removes two pedals from bags and attaches both pedals onto the bicycle.
He takes the bicycle for a ride.
Briefly, he speaks to the camera.
A little girl is crossing the monkey bars.
A woman is helping her standing under her.
The girl drops and the woman catches her.
A man is seen speaking to the camera outside while various objects and tools sit around him.
The man continues speaking and leads into clips of him pushing around a low mower.
He continues cutting the grass and leads into more clips of him speaking.
A close up of a clock is shown followed by a person making and pouring out coffee as well as the outside of a building.
A women sets up her keys, writes on a board, and leads into her grooming and petting the dogs.
Several clips are shown of the woman grooming the animals from various views and the animals shown afterwards.
A girl is playing hopscotch on a sidewalk.
She gets to the end and turns around to go back.
Another girl throws a puck onto the sidewalk and starts to play hopscotch.
We see a opening title screen.
We see people rafting down a river in a yellow raft.
The raft is overturned and the people fall into the river.
The people duck under  branch of a low hanging tree and the right front man stands and dances.
A man in the back of the raft walks forward.
We see the ending title screen.
A young man is seen wearing goggles and speaking to the camera followed by him jumping into the pool.
The boy gets out and is seen once again jumping into the pool and swimming to the side to present an object.
A standing pair of legs appear and the words "Summer Leg Routine" are displayed on the screen.
The legs are now bent with the knee up from the ground and the girl rubs the mango scrub all over her legs, then wipes the excess off with a towel.
On the upper right hand of the screen a small video plays and shows a VEET product while the girl takes two VEET wax strips and puts them on her leg, then removes them in the order they were put on.
The girl then takes another VEET product which turns out to be wiping strips and wipes her legs down, then takes a towel to her legs.
After she's done wiping her legs she takes Nivea lotion and rubs them all over her legs, stands up and then shows her legs to the camera at various angles.
A group of people are seen on a tennis court with 4 men playing together.
They continue playing the game back and fourth with each other whiles others play in the background.
We see an opening title screen.
We see a man in a shop holding a ski.
The man shows us a can of product he this sprays on and wipes down a ski.
The man then holds the ski for us to see.
We see two ski products and an ending screen.
A view is seen of the outside of an airport, then the wing of the flying plane.
A man is on the plane wearing a mask.
Several people are sleeping in the dark quarters.
They arrive at a ski resort, and ride the lifts before donning skis and skiing down treacherous hills.
A black and white dog is standing near the main door of a house as he listens to the sound of helicopter.
Then main door then opens and the dog steps back.
There are two dog trainers in an enclosed room training a dog to jump and catch several Frisbee.
the male trainer throws the Frisbee at the dog and the dog jumps and fetches it for him.
The trainer continuously throws the Frisbee and dog jumps high up and grabs the Frisbee every time.
There are several different trainers shown training and teaching their dogs tricks.
A group of cheerleaders gather on a football field.
They cheer and flip as they jog across the field.
They then put on a performance, flipping and jumping.
A young child uses a toy vacuum cleaner on a wood floor.
The mom comes and helps the child.
A boy dancing on the front of a book with describing credits.
The boy is sitting in an empty room talking about his dance moves.
The boy is standing in the room showing a move that starts with kicking his left foot out as he slowly turns and shows the rest of the current dance move.
Next the boy starts with same move but moves quicker.
The instructions to practice are shown as the boy is dancing in the almost empty room.
A young girl is standing on a court with a jump rope.
She begins jumping in front of a table of judges.
She hops, spins, and flips with the rope.
A man was sitting inside a room.
He is holding a bowl of noodles and broth.
He is drinking the broth from a bowl.
Boys are running on a field playing a game of soccer.
Then they are are playing professional on an indoor court while an audience watches.
They show many different clips from many different games, like a memoir of videos.
Number 12 is the basis of them all, he seems to be a very great soccer player.
A camera pans all around an indoor gym and leads into clips of people pole volting over a bar.
Several people are shown running with a pole over a beam and onto a mat one after the other.
More people take their turns while others walk around the gym and watch them on the sides.
A girl is seen performing a belly dancing routine on a small stage.
She continues dancing and performing around the stage and finishes her dance with a posing, bowing, and walking off.
Alcohol is shown being poured into a glass and leads into a woman holding up a glass and pouring ice into it.
The woman then pours various alcohol mixes into the glass and ends by presenting the glass to the camera.
three people is in studio talking about news.
a history about curling sport and the kids team playing in the field and scoring is shown in the screen.
back to the studio reporters keep talking about the history.
A women is seen holding a thread of string in her hands and begins knitting the string with her hands.
She continues threading the string with her hands and ends by holding the thread up to show.
A man is seen speaking to the camera with a pair of shoes in front of him.
He holds up the shoes as well as cleaning products and begins using them on the shoes.
He wipes the shoes while still showing the cleaning products and speaking to the camera.
A man in a blue shirt talks next to a air hockey table game in a showcase room, interspersed with video of four men demonstrating a game of air table hockey.
A man begins speaking from a showroom, while standing in front of a air hockey table game.
The camera cuts away to show four men playing a game of air hockey with the table game.
The man speaks again, next to the table game, until the camera pans away again to the men playing air hockey until the scene fades to an elaborate Gold Standard Games marketing graphic.
A bunch of brown leaves on green grass are blowing away together.
The end of the leaf blower is closer to the grass and is blowing an even bigger area of brown leaves.
The end of the leaf blower appears and disappears from view the whole time.
A skillet is on a stove with ingredients on the counter alongside it.
Someone puts onions in the skillet and beats eggs and other ingredients into a bowl before adding them to the skillet too.
He flips the eggs, making an omelette.
He flips the omelette gently onto a plate for serving.
A lady gets up from her seat and we see the orchestra playing music.
The woman does a belly dancing routine on the stage.
We see a camera enter the scene on the right.
We see the back of the head of a man.
We then see the woman next to the man.
The woman finishes her dance and picks up her wrap.
We see a somber lady holding a microphone.
An older man in a yellow t-shirt stands by an opened garage and white car parked outside.
The man pours water and solution into a bucket and wand sprayer tank.
The man begins washing the Nissan Leaf car with the sprayer and wipes it down with a cloth.
A man mounted on a horse chases after a cow.
He catches the cow with a rope.
He mounts off the horse and hits the cow several times.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while standing on a beach next to a shovel.
The man then begins shoveling a pile of dirt and walking to the water to fill up buckets.
The man stacks the buckets and begins putting sand around it and sculpting it into a castle.
He walks away in the end and shows off the castle he's made.
little kid is in the sand doing a castle using a small toy shovel kid leaves.
little girl foes into the castle in the sand and start playing while the kid bring more water from the sea.
A couple and a child are in a living room.
The couple begin dancing in the middle of the room, spinning and twirling.
A man is doing flips on the grass.
A man in a white hat is standing next to the man.
One of the men throws a rock into the air.
A man pushes a child on the swing set of a large park area.
The man holds the swing and brings the child to a stop.
The man pushes the swing to get the child started again.
A person is holding a flute.
The person shows a fingering for the second octave of the note.
The person shows the fingering on the third octave.
The woman talks directly to the camera.
People surf in the ocean and a man pass under a huge wave.
A man surfs in a small wave along the beach.
Then, the man get out the water, after he takes surfboard and return to surf in a high wave.
People swim in the beach.
An intro leads into a close up of a fooseball table and panning around several specs of the table.
Two people are seen playing with one another while the camera shows the table in several spots and the boys high fiving one another.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into him cutting tiles and measuring them along a wall.
The man uses a saw to cut the wall as well as the tile while using various other tools to cut around the sides.
More tiles are being shown cut out as the man continues to speak and lay them down on the floor.
A man is seen decorating a cake blindfolded while a small group of people watch.
The man adds frosting to the cake while others continue to watch as well as other ingredients.
He takes off the blindfold and cheers as well as putting hawaii outfits on everyone and dancing around.
A close up is shown of a room with a window.
a man is smoothing mud over the wall.
He measures and cuts then spreads again.
When he is done, the wall is completely smooth.
Three girls are on the beach talking.
They do several flips on the beach.
They lift one of the girls up for a stunt.
Two men are seen speaking to the camera while each hold a bow and arrow.
One man shows off his while clips are shown of people shooting the bow and shown in between.
The other man shows off his bow while still showing off his specs.
A man is seen standing in on a large field performing various dog tricks with a dog.
Another person watches in the distance as the man and dog continue to perform tricks and the dog running all around.
A person is seen shoveling up some snow with the camera laid on his head.
He shows several shots of him shoveling up the snow, a close up of his face, and panning around the area.
A woman in pink top is holding a hoop and talking to the camera.
The woman put the hoop to her waist and start to hoop.
The woman paused and turned around and start shaking her hips, she changed her hoops into smaller one, but the small one keep falling, then changed the hoops to bigger one and she began shaking her hips with the hoops.
A boy stand on a pool diving board in an Olympic competition.
Then, the boy jumps and does four flips in the air and falls into the water.
The crowd applaud the boy holding British flags.
A man hugs the boy who looks happy, and the boy walks around.
The boy jumps from a diving board and does four flips in the air before gets into the water.
Various shots are shown of a person close up wearing making and laughing at the camera.
Various objects are then shown closely to the camera and the person pours liquid into a contact case.
He then mixes the liquids with the contacts and puts them slowly into his eye while looking at the camera.
He then takes his hands and pops out the contacts.
An large outdoor sports field is shown.
A man runs and does a successful pole vault.
He stands up from the pad and picks up the pole.
A man is seen sitting on a camel followed by getting off and another man climbing on.
The man then leads the other around on the camel.
The man stops the camel and gets the other person off while climbing back on.
A group is shown together and racing on bmx bikes in a series of photos.
Then we see people on bikes, performing stunts, going around a ring and jumping hills.
A biker flies through the air, then we see a final photo of the winners with their medals.
A woman is seen moving up and down on an exercise bar while several shots are shown of her exercising.
She's shown again holding weights and doing exercises while standing on the beam as well as laying.
A man is demonstrating a gymnastics performance on two bars.
There are spectators watching the performance.
A person is photographing the performance.
The gymnast jumps off the bars and another gymnast is running towards them.
two kids are in a litle car watching a little kid holding a pole hitting a lightning mcqueen piñata.
people are gathered around the little kid.
A man jumps onto a balance beam.
He does a gymnastics routine on the beam.
He does a hand stand before jumping off onto a mat.
There are lots of people standing outdoors just walking around and talking.
A little boy goes behind a ladder and other people keep walking around.
A pinata drops from high above and he hits the pinata using a stick and then someone comes out holding a bowl filled with bags.
A man is seen kneeling on the floor and speaking to the camera.
The man then flips over and begins doing leg exercises.
His moves his body all around demonstrating proper exercises while still looking over and speaking to the camera.
A fence in front of a house is shown.
A man wearing white starts painting the fence.
A group of people are riding on horses on a field.
They start a game of polo.
They race their horses, trying to get the ball.
A man is seen standing before a hold child holding up a pinata while others stand around and watch.
The blind folded boy then takes multiple swings at the pinata while the kids sit around and watch.
A male is standing by the white door, he is holding rectangular wood, and on the other hand is a board that holds big chunk of brown clay.
He pointed the wall and started to spread the brown clay on the wall, she spread it by rubbing it smoothly and in half circle way.
He went near the ceiling, knocked on the ceiling, pushed it, knocked on it again, smoothen it using his fingers.
Two men are arm wrestling on a table.
The door opens and another man comes in and arm wrestles.
They start fighting in the room.
They arm wrestle again at the table.
A drawing of airplanes and machineries are being use, then pictures of men and a woman.
A man in blue shirt is brushing a paint to an airplane model, then he paint a different color to make the plane looks like a camouflage.
People are paddling oars in a blue raft.
They go over a wave in the water.
They continue going down the river.
A man is seen standing in front of a bike speaking to the camera and leads into shots of him riding around.
The man continues to speak to the camera as more shots are shown of him riding the dirt bike around a track.
A bench is shown in a backyard in front of bushes.
A man is using a ladder to trim the hedges.
He moves the bench, and walks around with the ladder, continuing to trim hedges.
A man approaches a trunk standing by some dirt.
He grabs an ax sitting on the dirt.
He takes the ax and cuts the trunk in half.
The trunk falls and he picks up one of the halves.
He takes the ax to the trunk and cuts it in half.
He stands the other trunk and cuts it in half.
One woman throws something at another.
Then, the two women play hopscotch.
Three people are seen kneeling on a small raft and flip themselves into the water.
More people are seen padding along and move over to the people in the water.
The people in the water climb back in and finally put themselves in a canoe.
A man is seen speaking to the camera an leads into clips of him demonstrating martial arts with another man.
The men continue to demonstrate with one another while pausing to speak to the camera.
written instructions about how to makea hand lay down are in the screen.
man is standing in a basket court dribbling the ball and doing shos to the basket.
three basket players are doing shots and showing how to do a two steps technique.
two women are standing no a table arm wrestling in the middle of stage.
referee wearing black and white shirt is standing behind the girls.
two hot women are arm wrestling on a table and referees are standing in front or sitting in the back.
women are in a bar arm wrestling and a lot of people are around them watching them.
People exercise on fitness machines while people sits on front and watch.
A man pass on front holding a jacket and stand next a TV.
A group of woman walk on front people exercising.
A woman is sitting in front of a table covered in wrapping supplies.
She shows off a mug filled with gifts.
She places it in cut cellophane, the wraps it around the present.
She then ties it off with colorful ribbons.
She is dancing with a baton very gracefully all around the stage for her performance.
She does handstands and all kinds of different intriguing moves.
She throws the baton up and does a few cartwheels and lands in time to catch it.
She accidentally drops the baton and picks its up and continues on and on until the end of her dance.
Three people are walking on a bridge on a lagoon.
We see a man on a boat and a lady putting on scuba gear.
The man and the woman are underwater looking at sea life.
We see a man holding an underwater animal he hands to a lady.
We see a man and a lady on a tropical patio talking and laughing.
A man is seen swimming in a pool while passing a ball to a dog back and fourth.
The man continues to pass the ball while the dog hits it right back.
Two dancers are seen holding a pose in the middle of a large gymnasium and begin performing a routine using batons.
The girls continue dancing and spinning around with the sticks and end by holding a pose.
People workout on a fitness machine pulling a strings on a rod and going back and forth.
A man folds a fitness machine in a gym.
Then, a man make workouts in a fitness machine.
A person is seen riding a board with a kite along the ocean moving at a fast pace.
The person continues riding along and eventually crashes while the camera zooms in on the rider.
Athletes performs high jump successfully in a stadium full of people.
An athlete jumps, but touch the horizontal rod.
Other athletes perform high jump in a competition on front a crow.
Several pictures are shown in the beginning of old roofs as well as new roofs and people working on top of these roofs.
More shots are shown of people spraying down the roofs and looking away from the camera.
A man grabs a tire from the back of the car and quickly runs to the front right of the car, drops it on the grass, then runs to the tire still on the car and begins to raise the car with a jack, and remove the lugs, rim and tire and throws them on the grass.
The man then grabs the tire he pulled out from the back of the car, puts it on the car, puts the rim on it and tightens lugs onto them with his hand and then he picks up the tool and tightens the lugs with that.
The man then removes the jack from under the car and tightens the lugs again with the tool and he stands up out of breath and smiles.
She then is shown performing several different exercises as well as riding on a bicycle and leading a class.
More shots of her are shown riding on the bike and wearing a headset to speak to others.
We see a boy in a jacket standing outside and talking.
The boy goes in a building .
The boy sits in a chair and test a haircut.
The lady then uses scissors.
We see the kid with his new hair cut.
The lady give the little boy a red balloon.
We see the boy as he walks to the door.
A person with a white mask and a sheet over his head walks back from the camera and grabs a pumpkin.
The min then starts to carve the pumpkin and takes out the pumpkin sees.
When they are all cleaned and taken out and placed in the oven as the man takes a sip of alcohol.
Female swimmer jump off into the water at a swim meet.
They quickly race down the swim lanes.
The swimmers repeatedly go back and forth down the swim lanes using various swimming techniques.
A man is seen sitting in front of a fence sitting on a skateboard and speaking to the camera.
Several shots are then shown of him speaking to the camera and performing various skateboarding tricks around a park.
People playing instruments are on the stage.
A man in a suit walks on the stage and starts talking.
The band keeps playing in the background.
A large pile of leaves are seen being blown around with shots of a blower being shown.
the leaves continue to be shown blowing around as well as a machine sitting off in the distance.
man is mopping the floor in a laundry room.
man squeeze out the mop in a bucket.
A series of screens appear with white and purple words in paragraph form.
A person is then shown walking out to the car with a utensil taking the snow off of the glass.
Then another screen appears with white words and displays a sentence and the location.
A person is seen bending over near a crowd and begins playing a game of shuffleboard.
The people continue playing back and fourth on the mat while other people playing around them and walk into frame.
A man and woman are seen speaking to one another and is again shown pushing the pucks.
A text that reads "Deeba's Recipe" appears on the screen.
The video then cuts to a woman standing behind a table filled with cooking ingredients.
She speaks to the camera while showing some of what she has prepped for the dish.
She places the various ingredients into a bowl and garnishes it very precisely.
She then pours a sauce all over it.
She then speaks to the camera some more to offer tips on how to make the dish.
Another set of text showing "Deeba's" recipe is shown again.
A woman bends down and lifts a heavy weight over her head.
People are sitting behind them on benches.
Several more people keep lifting the weights.
A girl is seen smiling and waving to the camera followed by her holding up a contact lens and cleanser.
She mixes the two together followed by putting the contact lens in her eyes.
She finally shows off her eyes in the end and gives the camera a thumbs up.
We see numbers slots on asphalt.
We then see kids riding BMX bikes cut with scenes of other things.
We see kids talking to the camera.
We see a gate open and kids start riding.
We see a coach standing with kids.
We see another coach standing with kids.
We see kids pass the finish line.
We see the emblem on the screen with kids sitting on their bikes.
We then see the close screen.
A person rolls in the grass after a fall and gets up to join a game of lacrosse.
We see gear in the grass and a man speaking to the camera.
Men play lacrosse and ladies cheer on the side.
We see a man interviewed and a team huddle and see men play.
A man in interviewed and we see the men play lacrosse.
A man in red is interviewed and the teams shake hands, hold up their trophy and pose for photos.
Two men are seen running around an enclosed room holding tennis rackets and hitting a ball around the room.
The men continue hitting the ball around the room while the camera continues to follow their movements.
A group of men are on camera, singing in a video and talking.
They are wearing sunglasses as they change from a lot to a paint covered warehouse.
A man is covered in paint and wearing boxing gloves as he gloats to the camera.
A woman is sitting in a chair while a woman behind her is holding a hair dryer.
She begins drying the woman's hair.
The woman is talking to the camera pointing at a hair dryer.
A woman in a blue shirt is walking along a slack line.
She falls off and grabs the rope.
A fencing match is taking place inside an auditorium.
Two men in full fencing gear begin fighting.
They stab and swing, fencing for the crowd.
Several people are shown performing various sports in the closing images.
Many men are in a building playing a group of ice hockey against each other.
As they continue to play,the referee begins to skate back and forth on the side in circles.
After several starts and finishes,the games keeps going and the goalie is successful in blocking the puck each and every time.
A police officer spins around while dancing.
The boy does a hand stand.
The police officer does a disco John Travolta dance.
The police officer does a break dancing routine.
The group of children walk together on the grass.
We see a dancing man on the cover of a book then on a street.
We see the man sitting on the floor talking to a camera.
We see the man illustrating break dance moves.
The man is talking and sitting still.
We see the man dance fast.
We see the man perform a leg sweep move.
We see an animated close scene and a subscribe page.
A cue ball rolls on a table slowly away from the pocket.
A man stands holding a touch screen discussing.
Men compete and play a games of billiards.
an audience claps as a couple appears on stage.
They dance gracefully, spinning and twirling.
The couple bow as they finish their routine.
Two males play table tennis in a small room.
Another man walks in the background.
A person vacuum the inside of a car, while other men clean by hand the car with detergent and water.
Then, a man dry the car with clothes.
Other cars are washed in a automatic car machine.
After, people cleans the car with cloths inside and outside by hand.
A group of young Asian men are indoors with a lot of spectators in the stands holding signs and cheering them on.
Two young Asian men stand up with their bow and arrows and they each take turns at shooting at their bulls eye target while the crowd cheers them on after each shot is made, and occasionally 3 suited people are shown making commentaries.
When the men are done shooting at the target,one of them raise their arm in victory, they shake each others hands,hug, take a bow and wave to the cheering crowd.
A man holds a saxophone, then he takes out the neck and blows the mouthpiece while talking.
Then, the man puts on the neck in the saxophone and shows the keys while talking.
Then, the man plays the saxophone while explaining.
A young woman is seen speaking to the camera and transitions into her with her hair in front of her face.
She slowly brushes and parts her hair and flips her hair back in the end.
a man is shown inside a swimming pool.
He tosses a ball over and over to his dog.
The dog continuously bounces the ball back with his nose.
A young man dry a pot lid while dancing.
Also, a teen wash a cup of steel and dancing.
A woman enters and then leave the kitchen.
A person is seen close up riding on the back of a bike shooting a paint ball off into the distance.
Several shots are shown of people riding around in cars shooting paint balls at one another.
The people continue riding around on machines and jumping over obstacles.
A white intro screen appears with special effects and a lot of coloring that include words, numbers, and logos.
Men are then shown in a dark room filled with people as they put on shirts, shakes hands with others, pose and then they begin a game of Foosball while images of their flag briefly show up on the screen and a lot of people around them watch as different men team up against one another.
When they are done playing a man and a woman are standing and talking at a mic while one man hands over a box to another man and they walk off the stage.
The same white screen from the beginning appears with special effects and lot of colored words then it fades to black.
A group of boys play water catch with a yellow ball in an outdoor pool surrounded by a fence and tall trees and foliage.
A group of boys play catch in an outdoor pool with a yellow ball , throwing the ball to each other and and then throwing the ball out of the pool to an unseen party.
The ball is thrown back into the pool and the boys proceed to throw it back out again.
A person is seen riding a surf board through a wave and leads into several more people riding waves and sitting along the water.
More shots of people surfing incredible waves are shown with some wiping out but overall riding along.
The video begins with a title screen.
An older man is seen in a gym speaking to the camera while men play volleyball in the background.
A simulated screen showing a volleyball court shows while he speaks.
The video then comes back to the older man who is directing the players.
The men begin tossing a volleyball back and forth.
The video ends with a final title screen.
A girl is walking on a diving board.
People are in the background watching.
The girl jumps off the diving board into the swimming pool.
There is a small splash in the water.
A shadow is seen in the smoky room.
A woman is taking a shower and washing her hair.
She pulls it apart in strands, putting conditioner on it.
A group sits at a cafe table and enjoys cafe and pastries.
The women pass condiments to each other.
A small group sits on a balcony and talk.
A Woman is braiding her hair.
She is Crossing the strands.
Her braid is done on one side and she continues on the next.
Crossing and adding hair to the braid.
She finishes and turns around and puts the back into a  ponytail.
A man is seen speaking to the camera holding a hockey stick and leads into him instructing other players.
The man continue playing around one another while the man yells to them and the others continue playing.
A woman ballerina dressed in a pink skirt and white blouse is standing in pose with her back bent forward and hands on her sides on a stage.
A man in blue jeans and a white shirt walks in and strokes her back with a yellow cloth.
Then a little girl ballerina comes and bumps into the woman.
The woman breaks into a dance every time the little girl ballerina taps her.
The little girl picks up a pair of wings and tries to put it on her back.
The woman starts doing some ballet moves.
She continues to dance to ballet moves as the little girl walks away.
The woman ballerina twists and twirls on her toes as she dances to music.
The crowd applauds and the man in the white shirt and blue jeans lifts her up and walks off the stage.
A man stands next to a pile of wood holding tools on his shoulders.
The man uses a large ax to chop logs standing upright in a grassy forested area area.
A line of bikers prepare for a dirt bike race.
They take off, racing over hills and around sharp corners, some falling off their bikes and kicking it angrily.
Two women are standing behind a young woman who is sitting in a chair getting her hair done.
The video begins with a title page showing that a video of a versatile sew-in is about to be done.
First image,the braid pattern is shown on the individuals head as some of her hair is left out around the perimeter of her head.
A lady then grabs weave, a needle and begins to sew in the hair.
Once she shows how the sew-in is secured,the finished product is shown and the girl now has long curly hair.
A woman in a white dress starts a lawn mower.
She starts mowing the lawn.
She turns around and goes back the other way.
A man does wave wheels in a canoe.
He is shown doing downstream momentum, rolling over in his canoe.
Now we see set edge and plant blade as he moves upstream.
A girl is shown on the gymnastics floor preparing to do a baton routine.
The routine begins as she starts to dance around the floor and twirl her batons.
The routine ends an she runs off the stage as the crowd cheers.
There's a man wearing a hat and a beige colored shirt standing on the banks of a river playing his harmonica.
There is a still river behind him.
He continues playing his harmonica to a soothing tune.
After he stops playing, he puts his hands down.
Various text is shown across the screen and leads into a man speaking and more tools being shown.
The man rubs the tools along his skin and points back and fourth to the vacuum while speaking.
Two lines of people stand over a long rope.
Each line picks up the rope and starts playing tug rope while a large crowd watches.
The team wearing light blue shirts wins the round.
We see a couple of opening screens.
We see a man in a blue shirt bowling talking in a bowling alley.
The man picks  purple ball from the dispenser and talks to the camera.
The man holds the ball out then we see him putting his fingers in the ball and talks to the camera.
The man puts the ball down and grabs another, then another and talks.
We then see the man roll the ball down the aisle.
Four men perform a wrestling stunt in costume while standing on an elevated, lit, stage in front of a seated audience.
Two men in black lift one man in a blue shiny outfit, up, on their shoulders.
The two men in black place the man in blue's legs around the neck of another man, the biggest man on the stage, who is also dressed in black.
The large man in black then takes the man in blue and slams him down, off the stage and  onto a table next to the stage, at which point the man lands with a force that breaks the table in two causing the man to fall to the floor under the table.
A woman spins around, showing off her hair style.
We see a black hair drying spinning on the screen.
The woman is getting her hair styled in the background by another woman, while text covers the screen with instructions.
The woman brushes and finalizes the style, and the client has a huge happy smile.
A man wearing a blue shirt walks to some congas and sit down.
The musician begins to play the congas in a small room.
The man then gets up and approaches the camera.
A man is seen speaking to the camera holding a basketball.
The man then begins throwing the ball in the hoop several times.
He walks back to the camera and continues speaking while moving his hands.
A field is shown along with some mountains as a person begins driving down a road.
After,men are shown and they get out and begin skateboarding down a road in the country.
As the continue,a large hay stand is in the middle of the road and they all pass through it and they finish skating down the road.
A person places down a rubik's cube on a folder.
The puzzle is then solved in 11 seconds.
A woman in a green shirt stands in a kitchen.
She stands in front of several ingredients.
She cuts a lemon in half.
She laughs a lot throughout the video.
There's a person mowing the lawn in his yard with a lawn mower while carrying his child on his back.
The man walks up and down, straight across the yard as he mows the lawn.
The child watches calmly while resting on the man's back.
The man continues to mow the lawn with his black lawn mower.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera while holding up a bobby pin and then flips her hair down and begins braiding.
The girl then puts her hair up into a pony tail and wraps her hair around to make a pun.
She finally pins her hair down and then shows off her hair while pointing to the camera.
An intro leads into hands seen playing a musical instrument while pausing the point on the instrument.
He continues moving his hands around to play and is then seen speaking to the camera.
A teen skateboard down a road while turning around and spinning.
Another youth skateboard on the road while making turns.
A boy holds a skateboard on his hand.
A young man skateboard until a busy street, then the teen continue skateboarding.
A small group of people seen sitting in the water followed by one riding behind a helicopter on a board and a woman speaking to the camera.
The man continues to ride and then is seen up in the air with the helicopter and the pilots waving.
The man then lets go of the helicopter, riding down on a parachute and landing safely back into the water.
The man then lays down while his shot is shown again and the woman speaks to him.
A truck is seen backing up and blowing leaves around while the camera captures the area around the truck.
The truck is seen again in several locations backing up and pushing leaves back away from the truck.
An older man is shown standing on a piece of exercise equipment.
He talks to the camera and holds a remote up and continues moving on the machine.
Clips of women and men are pole vaulting indoors while a lot of people are moving about around them or just watching, and a banner at the bottom reads that  it's at "Texas Elite Pole Vaulting Competition Bell County Expo Center on 12 28 13".
As various clips of different people are pole vaulting, a man and woman are standing indoors next to one another and talking to the camera with the words at the bottom of the screen say their names are Kaitlin Petrillose & Jack Chapman Competitor & Chairman".
The view blurs and white words on the screen appear in the middle and say "Killeen Daily Herald By Marianne Gish".
A little girl walks into a bathroom and starts talking to the camera.
The bathroom transforms into a factory.
The girl picks up a toothbrush and continues to talk.
Toothpaste is applied to a tooth brush.
The girl brushes her teeth and the factory changes back to a bathroom.
A small girl is standing behind a man in a bathroom who is standing at a sink.
The man turns around, grabs the towel and begins drying himself while the girl is still standing on the ground, and then puts the towel back when he's done.
The man then picks up the small girl and begins to wash her face off and while the little girl brushes her teeth as she's getting her face cleaned.
A woman is sitting next to a baby in a high chair.
She is playing an accordian for the baby.
The baby rocks back and forth, dancing to the music.
Two men are in a pool putting on diving gear.
The man in red puts the breather in his mouth then floats backward on his back.
We see the man in red and blue putting a solution on their goggles before trying them on.
The man in red puts the tube in his mouth then the breather before going under water.
We then see a sign upside down floating in the water.
An elderly lady sits in a chair knitting and talking to the camera.
The lady shakes her head slightly while looking at the camera.
The lady pauses and looks out the window.
A highway with signs overhead are shown before we see a beach scene and a set of trophies.
A bunch of volleyball players gather to start a game.
The game commences, the people trying their best to win.
Two girls are outside in a yard.
They are bouncing and throwing a ball to each other.
They chase each other with the ball playfully.
They run up to the camera and talk for a while.
A group of masked people, wearing all black, play an animated graphic game of paintball in a war field.
An animated person runs through a field of black masked soldiers with a paint gun and begins shooting people, several people are wounded among a war field littered with empty stone shacks and abandoned cars.
The fighting soldiers pass an animated dog on a leash with a person dressed in a black and white referee uniform holding the leash.
The shooting continues among the masked soldiers until a "red team wins" letter box appears and the soldiers head to the right and thin out in numbers.
Film strips appear to roll across the screen.
A man is using a telescoping pole by the side of a building.
He stretches it upward, then cleans the side of the building with it.
He uses it to clean the windows tha are highest.
A man is shown working in an outdoor garden.
He is using tools as he works.
He trims a long row of hedges, then cleans up the debris.
man is running in a roofed gym and doing a high jump.
man is doing a somersault in a roofed gym.
two woman are standing in the gym by the jumping man.
man is doing a somersault in a roofed gym in a racetrack.
An old man with eyeglasses is standing in front of model tiles talking to the camera.
A group of men in black started to removed the first half of the carpet in the living room, then replaced it with lighter, newer carpet.
The group of men in black shirts moved the couch from the wall to other side and removed the other half of the carpet, exposing the green floor.
The group of men put the carpet on the floor, they measure it, cut it and taped it.
When the new carpet is properly installed, the men vacuum the carpet while the lady walked in the living room.
The men and the old man and the woman removed the TV from the wall and installed a wooden TV set furniture, while the other men and the lady arranged the couch and put the pillows on it.
A person is seen riding along the water in a kayak while another man watches him on the side.
He continues riding along the water in the kayak and doing flips in the water.
A man and a woman are playing rock paper scissors.
The man gets on his knee and pulls out a ring.
They hug next to the swimming pool.
They give each other a kiss.
Pictures of a drink are shown followed by an empty bowl and a person putting ingredients in the bowl.
The person stirs the ingredients all around and pours the mixture into a glass with ice to serve.
A four piece percussion and string band play on a stage with the main focus being a man on the bongos in the center of the stage and wearing sunshades indoors.
A man plays bongos in an animated fashion while a woman next to him plays the keyboard and a man behind him plays guitar.
A man next to him begins to hit a stick against a metallic percussion instrument.
The man playing the bongos knocks one of them over at which point the man next to him sets the bongo upright again.
A person walks into frame holding a tool and cutting a tree up and down.
The person continues using the tool on the tree and uses a small one to finish out the sides, presenting a small tree in the end.
An arrow graphic is seen and title text.
A woman stands on a dark lit room holding an accordion and demonstrating how to play it.
The woman begins to play a song pressing in the keys.
The woman pauses to discuss then plays more of the song.
The woman finishes and closes the accordion.
woman is standing in a kitchen talking to the camera and showing the lemons, jar and the bowl on the counter.
woman is squeezing the lemon into a bowl and on the water.
woman is ni front of the stove and pour sugar into water in a pan till boil.
woman pour sugar in the jar with ice.
A young woman is dressed in a zebra onesie sitting on her bed smoking a hookah.
She takes two puffs,exhales the smoke and a spark flies from the end of the tube.
The man behind the camera switches and then begins to smoke the hookah as the girl begins to record.
Once he is finished,the hookah is given back to the girl and she starts to smoke.
Two men in padded sumo costumes are pulled along a tug rope on a ski slope.
Two men in yellow padded sumo costumes do jumps on their snowboard on a downhill course.
A filmer waives to the camera.
The man spins while sliding across a platform in the sumo suit.
The two men give each other a high five.
The man in sumo suit goes over a small triangular obstacle.
A man on small skis crashes while trying to jump.
The man jumps onto and slide across a platform while wearing a sumo suit.
The man bounces over a low railing.
There are two men in the water wearing wetsuits and laying on their surfboards as they ride a wave.
The camera man is in a fast moving boat and he continues to video the surfers who are still riding the wave but now they are standing up.
The surfer who is in front is happy to riding the wave for so long that he raises his two arms up in the air and then lowers it back down.
The surfer in the back begins to lose balance and falls off of his board while the man in the front is still standing up.
A woman in a black shirt is sitting on a bench.
A man sits behind a desk.
Two people are sitting on a bean bag chair.
A man is drinking from a mug.
People are jumping off diving boards into the pool below them.
They are walking up a set of stairs to get to the diving board.
A person does a back flip into the water.
A man is seated at the front of a church and plays a song on an accordion.
The man goes all the way down the scale than back up at the end of the song.
The man finishes the song and smiles.
There are several people gathered on the street where live music is playing.
There are couples dancing together to the music doing the Salsa style of dance.
There are many restaurants and stores in that town square where people are gathered to see the couples dance.
Some of the bystanders are video taping the dancers.
The couples continue to dance till the music ends.
One guy kisses his girlfriend on the cheek after the dance is over.
A large fish is seen swimming under frozen water.
A man creates a hole in the ice to catch the fish.
He catches it on a line, and pulls until He is able to get it through the hole.
A man is seen standing in a goal followed by a person kicking a boll.
More clips are shown of people kicking a ball towards the goal while people watch on the sides.
Several more people take their turn kicking a ball and end by running all together and cheering.
A baby girl is holding a compact, wiping the makeup pad against her cheek.
She sits on the floor, continuing to play with the makeup, opening and closing the case, and wiping it onto her face.
Two girls dressed in a red shirt and black spanxs are bending over preparing for a volley ball game.
The other team is shown on the other side of the net and they serve the ball.
Both of the girls begin to play,hits the ball back over and the girl cheers as they gain a point.
The credits of the clip are shown.
A man picks up a brown boot and brushes it.
A man opens an aerosol can and sprays the boot.
A man rubs the products of a black tube on the boot's sole edge.
The credits of the video are shown.
A blond girl is in a residential home, smiling and talking while holding a violin in front of her.
The girl briefly stops talking, and then backs up and brings the violin to her chin as she's talking and then starts playing by pulling the fiddle across the strings.
The girl stops pulling the fiddle across the strings and walks closer to the camera to talk, and then resumes moving the fiddle across the strings.
The girl then backs up, and turns to show her left side as she moves the fiddle across the violin strings, and then she moves to face forward again and walks closer to the camera and plays some more.
The girl stops playing and pulls he violin away from her chin.
A man sits down with his leg on a chair.
A person puts waxing strips on his leg and pulls off the hair.
He puts his shirt over his face.
Several canoes are sen laid out that leads into shots of people riding in the canoes.
A man is seen speaking to the camera as well as riding in a canoe with another woman.
More people are seen riding down the river in canoes while the man continues to speak.
Tourists rides camels while people pull the camels with a rope.
Men helps a couple to unload the camels and feed them.
A close up of a dough is shown and leads into a person spreading frosting on a pastry.
She puts the pastry onto the cake and continues putting frosting all around the cake.
The camera zooms around the cake and shows the woman putting a face on the cake and showing off the finished result.
A man is sitting behind a laptop.
He takes a contact out of his eye.
He rubs his eye before putting it back in.
We see a tractor and a title screen.
We see a tractor blowing leaves.
We see the tractor up close.
We see the closing title screen.
We then see flowers on trees.
A news woman sits at a desk, talking.
We see numerous people running into water with kayaks, racing down a river of rapids.
When they are done, several of the competitors are interviewed on camera, and others walk in the water on fake kayaks.
A man is wearing a white robe with a black belt.
He starts doing karate moves in a room.
He stands up right at the end.
A tree and mulching materials are show, then a man prepares the area around the tree.
Then the man put mulch around the tree and gives form with a rack.
There's a basketball player demonstrating various types of basketball hoop shooting techniques on behalf of World of Hoops.
He begins by showing the basic technique of the regular lay-up throw, he shoots the ball directly into the hoop.
Then he shows another technique where he comes running and shoots the ball from very close to the hoop by jumping up high.
He continues to show various other ways to shoot the basket as he runs and dunks the ball straight into the basket.
He demonstrates different techniques of shooting the ball right into the hoop without missing a single basket.
A man is seen using a hookah and blowing smoke out into the air and leads into him scraping tobacco and driving around.
He speaks to the camera and pans back to a hookah and begins smoking out of it.
A boy is bent over in his bedroom.
He is trying to put on a shoe.
He sits down, playing with a broken lace.
He continues working with the shoe lace until he can get it tied.
A pile of clothing is shown on a bench in a house.
A sweater hangs from a rack.
The sweater is shown from several angles as a vacuum is used to pick up hair and lint.
A group of men are all seen standing around one another on a beach while speaking and laughing to one another.
Then men the begin putting sunscreen on one another down a line.
The woman in red top is standing.
The woman stretches her arms one side first then the next one.
The woman put her arms in front of her, then stretch out and turned around.
We see a blue opening screen with a drink.
We see  a lady mixing drinks behind a bar.
The lady add ice and three shots liquor to a glass.
The lady pours something red in the glass.
The lady adds something form the dispenser and a can.
The lady stirs then pushes the drink forward.
We see a red closing screen and a long black screen.
Two women are seen running around a room and leads into one speaking to the camera.
The people hit a tennis ball around the room while dancing and cheering with one another.
The people continue hitting the ball around while playing with one another.
People walk around cars and tents and sit in chairs in the background doing different things.
A man and a dog are in the middle of a field preparing to play frisbee.
The man throws a frisbee and the dog runs, catches it and brings it back.
The dog is very excited preparing for his next trick.
The man kneels down and throws frisbees for the dog as he rolls, flips and walks around.
A second man joins the first man on the field and they both raise an arm and then turn to walk away together.
man weaing a green shirt is standing next to a little girl.
girl wearing glasses is talking to the camera.
the man and the girl are drinking from a white cup.
the girl holds the drink in her mouth and spit it on the grass and the man do the same.
A cameraman follows a man as he walks up a diving board.
The diver gets to the edge of the board and stretches before falling forwards in the water.
The diver dives into the water a second time.
The diver gets out of the water and walks away as a cameraman follows him.
a man is working outside in a garden.
He uses trimmers to cut pieces of a plant.
When he is done, the plant is fully trimmed.
Old videos are shown of track meets.
A man is shown multiple times as he throws a discus.
He spins in circles, then throws the disc as far as he can.
A man is sitting behind a table.
He picks up a rubiks cube and completes it.
A man stands next to him and writes something on a paper.
We see a man in a room talking about a bike.
We see a title screen.
We then see the man adjusting the handle bar of the bike.
The man demonstrates how the levers sit and adjusts the brake levers.
The man demonstrates the sitting positions and braking and screws them tight.
The man then, and adjusts the shifter lever.
We see a recap and the closing scene of the video.
A man is wearing a yellow vest.
He is standing in front of a building cleaning a window.
A person is seen looking out one of the windows.
A textured intro screen appears and a logo of a shoe is displayed along with green words that say "VICKERMANN und STOYA".
Two groups of supplies are shown and they include products from the company name in the intro screen that include brushes, a cloth, shoe shaper, shoelaces and a couple of small tin containers.
A man wearing a green apron is untying shoelaces from a brown high shoe, then brushes it with a large brush, then he takes a smaller brush, dips it into a small container, then brushes it onto the shoe and the shoe looks very polished on any surface that he brushes.
The man then picks up a white cloth and rubs it all over the shoe.
The man puts the white cloth down, picks up a thick brush and brushes the shoe all over.
Then he puts the shoe and the brush down, picks up the shoelace and laces the shoe.
The man then picks up the polished shoe and unpolished shoe and puts them closer to the camera for a comparison then the same textured screen from the intro appears with the shoe log and the company name of "VICKERMANN und STOYA".
A person is seen lying on the ground with another person running from behind.
The person running then falls and others around them help and drink water.
A man demonstrates how to make an egg salad sandwich.
A man starts talking to the camera in close up angle and then takes a bite of a sandwich.
A grop of sandwich making materials is shown.
An eggs is boiled in a pan, and then the eggs are run under cold water.
Celery is chopped into bits along with other vegetables and then the eggs are mixed with this and a finished sandwich is shown.
A view is seen of an enormous pool.
It stretches very long distances, with people using boats and rafts in the water.
It is an extensive water park located in Indonesia.
People are shown water skiing in the clear blue waters.
We see a man talking in a bike shop.
The man touches the handle bars of a bike then grabs a wire off a table.
The man strings the wire through the bikes brake system.
The man adds a black plastic sheath over the wire and attaches it to the wheel brace.
Two men walk holding sticks out in front of them.
They arrange discs onto some numbers.
One of the men throws a disc with his stick.
The man in red throws his disc.
The first man throws another disc.
The man in the red shirt follows.
The first man throws another disc and the man in the red shirt follows.
They high five each other.
A young boy kneels outside and washes his face and hands from small dishes, in front of him, filled with water and soap.
A boy kneels in a corner of an outdoor patio in front of a row of bowls.
The boy splashes water on his face and lathers his hands with soapy water from the dishes.
The boy continues washing his face as a woman in a light colored dress garment walks past him.
A small group of people are seen standing around a large horse in a barn full of hay.
The people brush the horse all along the sides when a woman comes out back to speak to them.
A man prepares to run along an indoor track.
He runs, taking very large strides.
He jumps awkwardly into the sand, landing on his face.
This person has dried grains and is now putting them into a small blender.
Then he adds an egg and salt to the grains, plus other ingredients too.
Next he makes a ball of the grain and then flattens it out, he then puts a cup onto it to make little round shaped cookies.
He puts them on a pan and into an oven, after they're done he eats them along with some beer.
A man wearing black socks is shown putting his black leather shoes on and tying his laces.
There's another person wearing brown leather shoes on black socks.
He ties the laces tightly to secure them.
Then another scene shows a person wearing leather slip on shoes over black socks.
Followed by several scenes showing the person wearing brown leather shoes with laces.
He wears the shoes over black socks and ties the shoe laces securely.
He then stands up after he's done wearing the brown leather shoes.
A man runs onto the field of a sporting game.
Cricket players are pitched balls during a game in a large stadium.
The cricket player hits a high pop fly that is caught.
The cricket players pose for photos.
The players all line up for a race on the adjacent track.
A woman plays flute sit on a piano while moving her feet.
The woman finish playing bow and smiles.
A girl is standing in a room taking out several arrows out of her pack and using her arrow to release them.
She then moves around the gym,takes a deep breath and continues going.
After she moves again,two carpets are shown hanging from the wall and she continues to aim at her target until all of her bows are gone.
A man is outside with two dogs on leashes.
He puts on a show with the trained dogs.
He throws frisbees, and the small crowd claps for the performing dogs.
A man is seen swirling a stick around a pot while a young boy on the side watches him work.
The man teases the boy with a cone and lets the boy have it, only to be taken away again.
The man then puts ice cream on the cone and smiles at the boy while he walks away and other's watch.
The men discuss a project sitting at the table.
Two men sit at a table together and read from a document.
The two men play a game of rock paper scissors.
The typing noise from the typewriter is going in the beginning and the title of a story that was typed is shown.
Then two men are shown shoveling snow outside off of statues and the ground and when they're done, someone falls to the ground.
A man is standing in a yard flying a kite.
A woman is standing in front of him and flies the kite after.
The kite is shown in the sky.
Another woman starts flying the kite outside.
A man and a woman are sitting down talking on a bench in front of a wall with several rims.
The two then stand up and begin talking and you can see that they are in a junk yard.
Finally,they begin dancing together and do rugged hip hop dance moves suited for the environment.
a bicycle is shown in a dark room.
man is wearing motobike clothes and is riding a motorbike in a field.
man is doing high jumps on the motorbike practicig motocross in a dusty field.
A boy is sitting at a table fiddling with a Rubik's cube and then places it on the table.
The boy then picks it up and begins competing with four other males to solve it.
Once solved,the boy slams his arms against a black bar that stops the timer and the judge times him at 20 seconds.
A person opens a faucet and wet the hands.
The person uses soap to rub vigorously the hands.
After, the person rinse the hand thoroughly with plenty water.
After the person dry the hands with a clean towel, and turns the the sink using the towel.
A boy in karate class bows before a performance.
The boy performs a karate routine with hand scythes.
The boy ends his routine and bows.
A woman is standing outdoors in a pink martial arts outfit.
She moves slowly, showing various martial arts moves.
She continues moving slowly as the names of the moves appear onscreen.
The gymnasts run to and then did cartwheel and thumbling as he go through the end of the mat.
The player jumped and cartwheel high.
The male gymnast rotate up in the air and then he landed on the end of the mat.
A close up of a pool table is shown followed by a person walking around the sides.
The person then hits a pool ball continuously around the table.
The man then sinks the last ball and celebrates with a group of people.
A band is seen performing on stage while the camera pans around and captures them from several angles.
The singer interacts with the band and continues playing while the audience cheers.
A little girl swings across the monkey bars on a play ground.
She goes across each bar before jumping to the ground.
She goes back to the beginning, and swings across the bars again.
A man is seen sitting in the water in a kayak speaking to the camera.
The man continues speaking while holding a paddle in his hands.
He moves around a bit in the water and leads into him paddling along the water.
Various shots of landscapes are shown including deer heads and tree houses and leads into a man shooting a bow and arrow.
He hits the stuffed animal and leads into more shots of him and another using the bow and arrow.
The camera pans around areas that they hit and shows one man walking away.
People sail on sailboards in the ocean.
A man sails on a sailboard passing on front other sailors.
