We see the bench in shots with the end credits.
A small baby hits a bongo in a room.
The baby stops and takes something off his hand.
The baby goes back to playing the drum.
A wrestler is walking out and gets into the ring.
Someone is laying on their stomach getting a tattoo on their back.
A man in a red shirt is tattooing the man laying down.
The wrestler is shown again.
A man takes off his shirt.
He starts doing karate moves on a blue mat.
He does several flips in the air.
Two girls are sitting on the porch of a house while shaving their legs.
A boy walks out and looks before walking away.
The girls continue soaping up and shaving.
Several people are outside in a large field on segways playing a game.
They continue to move around and hitting the ball with a long racket.
As they game goes on,the referee walks on the field and watches them.
A person is seen riding in a car panning to others while following behind a large group of people on bikes.
The driver hands people water on the side as well as pulling them in to fix a bike.
The car continues to follow and help the man as well as stopping to change a wheel and climbing back in the car.
a football game is showing and a man in the news is talking about a voleyball game.
the set is shown with the voleyball game and some women in bikini playing white the spectators are on the grades clapping.
back to the studio are three commentators talking.
A woman sits at a piano and plays in front of a small audience.
The camera focuses on several men watching her.
The woman sings with the piano.
The camera captures the reaction of the members of the audience.
The camera captures more reaction shots from the audience.
A person in Blue pants attemps to pile drive a guy in a pink suit.
The guy in the pink suit gets revenge.
two kids are standing in front of a christmas tree showing purple boots that are on the christmas tree hanging.
the kids are pointing out the balls and the ornamens.
the kids stands next to the three and say goodbye to the camera.
A girl is riding on a white horse that is in an enclosed obstacle course, but it's just walking, trotting and running around the perimeter doing laps.
Another girl is now the focus and she's riding on a taller brown horse who begins walking, trotting and they also stay on the perimeter of the area.
When the brown horse is done going around in laps, it walks over to the white horse who is now in the middle of the area and it stops.
A female weightlifter is attempting to lift a set of weights.
She lifts at the knees slowly.
She raises the bar to her chest, pausing.
She then lifts it over her head before crouching beneath it.
A guy is on a horse with a white long rope that has a big circle tied at the end and seems to be waiting for some blue gates to open.
The blue gates open and a little bull runs out and the guy on the horse chase it down.
the guy the tosses the rope and catch the bull around the neck while the or end of the rope is tied to the horse.
The guy then jumps off the horse,runs to the bull and flip it on his back then tie the bulls legs together.
the guy then gets back on his horse while two other guys free the bull from the rope tie and take it away.
A boy is standing at the counter facing backwards from the dart board.
His mom is standing beside him and he is getting ready to throw his dart.
He throws it and completely misses the dart board all together.
He hits the top of the wall and he goes over to reach for it and take it out.
A preteen boy is out in an open park filming challenges on monkey bars he points to the left.
The camera pans over to the left to show the slide in another part of the jungle gym.
The camera pans back to the monkey bars.
The boy attempts to climb the monkey bars starting from the second from the top rung of the ladder on the inside and falls, he gets up and goes to the ladder.
The boy attempts the climb again, this time from the top rung of the ladder on the inside and falls, he gets up and goes to the ladder again.
The boy attempts to climb again, from the top bar on the inside and falls again, he gets up and goes to the ladder again.
The boy attempts to climb again, this time he adjusts again standing on the second rung on the inside and falls again when he attempts to climb.
The boy attempts to climb again using the same starting point and falls, he gets up and goes toward the ladder but decides he is done and says good-bye.
A man is shown holding up a piece of metal and places it along a wall.
He then puts plaster along the metal and rubs the sander all over the wall while still looking back to the camera.
A woman is talking to a camera.
She picks up a flute and starts playing.
She puts the flue down on her lap and continues talking.
She puts the flute back up to her mouth and continues to play.
She puts the flute back down and nods her head.
She puts the flute back up to her lips and plays.
A large boat is shown sailing through ocean water.
A man in scuba gear climbs over the side.
He works on pulling a large bag into the boat, trying not to capsize.
A man walks onto a diving board.
He jumps off into the pool below him.
Another person steps onto the diving board.
We see flashing images of motorcycle riding.
We see a man talk standing high above a city.
We then see motorcycle stunts.
A bike jumps a group of people in a plaza.
We see four bikes jump a ramp one after another.
We see a man in red talking.
A man jumps off his bike.
A man kisses a woman on his bike.
We see boy is talking.
A bike is kicking up smoke.
A man puts his arm in the air.
We see a bike smash a bottle stop.
A young girl talks to a video camera with a curler in her bangs, occasionally holding a cell phone up to her face and introducing a younger person in the room with her in the background.
The girl with curler in her bang talks to camera in a closeup angle.
The girl points to the curler in her bang and holds up a cell phone to throw light onto her face which she brings closer to the camera.
The girl laughs when a younger girl in the room with a pink wig on is shown in the background, she laughs again when the younger girl puts her pink wig in the camera.
A small child is seen laying down on a rug while the camera records them.
The child then covers their eyes with their hands and moves their head up and down.
Finally they smile to the camera in the end.
A woman begins talking to the camera smiling and leads into her coming another woman's hair.
She parts the hair into sections and places rollers into the woman's hair and talking to the camera.
Inside of a rock climbing store men are gathered around a jumping on a rope.
The man in the green does some tricks and then a man in a hoodie jumps and walks on it.
Someone has a camera  and everyone is scattered around doing their own thing.
The man in the green continues to jump on the rope until he take it down.
An emblem appears on the screen.
A view of the sun is seen between the clouds.
A woman walks up to a young boy who has his pants down, crouching in front of a bucket.
She yells at him, and drags him away.
She shows him how to lather his hands with soap.
Then the group of gathered women talk as the boy watches and listens.
The women look sad as she walks away.
A boy and woman walk up to talk to another woman, and she looks upset.
A doctor is shown talking about dirty hands to the women.
They are then shown outside, washing their hands and doctoring the boy as they show how not to be dirty.
The group jumps into the air in celebration.
There men have chairs and are sitting int he subway way making some music.
One of them is playing guitar and two of them are playing the violin.
People walk by them and a kid pushing a stroller and some other children come and stop to watch them for a little by.
There is a crowd that has actually stopped to watch them play, clapping and one of them leaving money in their case.
A helicopter is seen driving over an ocean where people are seen surfing.
Several shots are shown of people riding along the water and others sitting.
The people continue riding along the water while the helicopter rides around.
Two small kids sit in a box at the top of slide in an indoor play area.
A little girl joins and plays on the slide.
The girls leaves and the boys take turns going down the slide.
The boys connect a slide to the first one and try out the new slide.
Two kids run over and away.
The last boy runs off and we see the slide ladder.
A large black male and John Cena are in a wrestling ring arm wrestling.
The black male is beginning to win but John Cena uses all of his might to not give in and gains enough strength to push the hand back the other way.
After a certain amount of time,John Cena wins and someone jumps on his back and begins wrestling him and picks the black man up and drops him.
As John Cena continues to celebrate the other guy begins talking trash and John Cena looks at him then talks back to the crowd.
A little girl uses a sweeper to hit a disc.
The disc travels down the court before stopping, as do further discs.
She continues playing the game, unsure how to win.
A woman comes onto the screen to introduce a video about working out.
The same woman is shown as she teaches a spin class with several participants.
She takes a break from the bike and does tome abdominal exercises on the floor.
The video ends with the closing credit shown at the end.
A young man is seated in a living room.
He is playing an electronic keyboard.
The keyboard is printing a document as he goes.
There are two kids on the swing set while two old ladies standing beside them swinging them.
The old lady in pink top went away, while the other old woman in purple continues to swing the boy.
The old lady in pink shirt went back with a piece of paper to fan some air on her, while a little kid is walking towards the front of the bench.
The old lady in purple continues to swing the boy, while the old lady in pink top stood and rest her back on the red bar of the swing.
The lady in pink top came in front of the other boy with white shirt, and talked to him, started to push him on the swing, give him a kiss and continue to swing him from the side of the swing.
The littler girl near the bench sat to pick up something from the blue ground.
We see a lady bouncing on a slack line.
The lady sits on her knees.
The man in the background picks up snow.
The lady falls of the slack line.
We see a man bouncing on the slack line.
We go back to the first lady bouncing.
The lady jumps off the slack line and gets back on.
The lady spins while bouncing.
The lady jumps off then is back on.
A large wave is seen moving on the water followed by several people carrying surf boards and surfing along the water.
The people continue riding along the water on surf boards and walking around on the beach.
Liquid is shown being poured into a bowl, followed by a person slicing up a pineapple and apple and mixing them into a bowl.
The person then cuts up more fruits and adds it to the bowl and mixes it all around together to create a fruit bowl.
A person is seen kneeling down next to a hole of ice and reeling in a fish.
The person continues reeling in on the rod while the camera zooms in on the hole.
Finally the person grabs the fish and presents it to the camera.
A man is seen standing in a bathroom with a woman and looking back to speak to the camera.
The man then moves all around the bathroom while continuing to speak and the camera zooms in.
A gymnast holds a ball attached with a string and then spins holding the ball.
Then, the gymnast throw the ball while spinning in the field.
The camera pans over a grass field surrounded by a track, with people doing indistinct things in the background.
A man is shown engaging in shot put.
Judges measure the man's throw.
The audience is shown clapping as the man receives congratulations from people nearby.
A replay of the throw is shown.
A large group of people are seen performing a routine together in an exercise class while moving up and down on a beam.
The people continue moving around one another while moving their arms up and down on the beam and end by holding onto one another and walking around the room.
A woman is standing in a kitchen.
She puts ingredients into a glass bowl and mixes it together.
She starts chopping food on a block.
She combines all the ingredients into the bowl and mixes it together.
She grates cheese onto the top of the food.
She then puts salad on top of that.
Two young men are shown running back and fourth down a court hitting a tennis ball.
They keep hitting the ball against the wall and chasing the ball around.
One pauses and hits the ball on his racket and again throws it for the boys to play.
One falls down on the ground towards the end and the other helps him up.
women are making some gymnasic jumps in a hallway.
men and women are in department stores doing gymnastics jumps.
woman is making a hand stand ni a parking lot and on stores.
man is sanding in a fence in a mall looking o the first floor.
Two young men are standing indoors, talking to the camera.
They demonstrate how they run on a track, and do a long jump into sand.
A woman is cleaning clothes on a table.
She pours a bucket of water onto the clothing.
She picks up a brush and scrubs the clothing.
She pours more water onto the clothing.
She picks up the clothing and sets it next to her.
A man is talking inside a room in a house.
He is holding a stick and violin.
He then demonstrates how to play the violin.
A large bow is laying on a table.
The close up details of the archery set are being shown.
A man is shown pulling back and arrow and letting it go.
We see the opening screen on gray.
We then see a man on discs smoothing a concrete floor.
The man removes concrete from his trowel.
The man uses his hand to remove concrete.
We then see the ending credits.
A picture of a scrubber is shown followed by a man using the item on a set of windows.
He then wipes down the glass with another rag and points to the window and closing it while credits roll.
A group of men are in a kayak going down the river bank.
The are paddling and looking at the trees in the distance enjoying their day.
One of the men gets out of the boat to go swimming in the water, They all get in and start splashing water, swimming under and enjoying the day before getting back in to turn back.
Once they start to head back to land and to get ready to get on the dock.
A man is driving a riding lawn mower.
He starts mowing the lawn on the lawn mower.
He raises his hand and continues mowing the lawn.
woman is wearing harness and get in a helicopter above and are flying above a volcano.
a man and a woman are hanging from the helicopter's door holds to a rope and make a jump.
the man and the woman are in the land talking to a couple.
people are riding camels in the sand, the camel kneel down and the man and the woman go down.
camel in the back kneel down and people go down in the back are cars and people walking in the parking lot and taking pictures.
men go on a camel and the camel stands up.
A woman stands at the end of a diving board.
She lightly bounces up and down.
She then does a backflip into the water.
A woman wearing a santa hat is talking.
She puts Christmas lights onto the tree.
She puts ribbon around the tree.
She strings decorations around the tree.
She puts bulbs on the Christmas tree.
She puts small stuffed animals on the tree.
She puts candy canes on the tree.
She puts a star on the tree.
The star falls off the tree.
She puts cotton underneath the tree.
A camera pans all around a paintball course and shows a closeup of a person speaking.
Several clips are seen of people running around the course and shooting paintball at one another.
More close ups are shown of a gun as well as a man speaking to the camera and others socializing with one another.
A young girl in a green leotard begins twirling a baton and doing tricks.
The girl begins to incorporate her arms and does a flip and continues to flip the baton over her hands and arms.
As the young lady continues her performance, she twirls the baton between her legs and over her head,catches it and does a gallop.
The rest of the young girl's performance is a set of twirls and twist and then she runs off the floor to finish her performance.
A lady is filming a girl and a boy who are outdoors at a park playground.
The young girl hangs an goes across the monkey bars using her arms while the young boy stands behind rails and watches.
The jumps down at the end of the monkey bars and then jumps up and down and gives a high five to the excited woman filming her.
The lady behind the camera then walks over and pans to the little boy who is now at the monkey bars and holds a conversation with him.
A woman in a black leotard is talking on a stage.
She starts dancing for the camera.
She shows several dance moves as she does them.
A boy is on a tennis court outside.
He serves the ball with a racquet.
He serves it a few more times, hitting it each time.
A white screen is shown and various logos are shown on top of the screen as it goes to a black screen.
A sun is rising and men are walking up a hill,pulling a rope,and reading a book.
They continue to do various hobbies in the mountains and a man comes back and starts talking as the credits begin rolling.
A man stands indoors, on a platform, in front of three onlookers, and lifts a heavily weighted bar bell.
A man approaches a barbell on the floor and stands before it preparing to lift it.
The man then bends at the knees and puts his hands on the bar portion of the weight.
The man then lifts the bell above his head and then lets the bell fall to the floor where it bounces a bit upon landing as the man turns and walks away from the weight.
A woman is seen sitting on a piece of exercise equipment looking forward.
She then grabs the lever in front and begins pulling herself.
The girl then pulls herself back and fourth on the machine while the camera captures her movements.
man is standing in front of a mirror holding a camera.
woman enters in the bathroom carying a white cat and the man kneels so the cat can stands on his back.
the woman leaves the bathroom and the man keeps recording himself making poses in front of the camera and talking to himself in the mirror.
the man enters in the bedroom and the woman is sitting in the bed holding the cat.
man is in the bathroom again holding a knife and the woman enters in the room with a back scarf around her head.
they are driving the car and are parked in snowy parking lot.
they eners in a restaurant and leaves and walks to the car again.
the woman gets into the car and the man opens the door and grabs a little brush and cleans the windshield and the woman do the same and plays with the man.
men are in front of a mirror in a room.
man is alone practicing kicks and punches.
man wearing white shirt is stretching her legs bind the other man.
A man steps up to a set of uneven bars while a man does flips behind him and begins performing a gymnastics routine.
The man flips and spins himself around on the bars and ends by jumping down and waving his hands up.
A man stirs shoe shine crafting materials into a jar.
He prepares the shoe for shining.
He explains his method of shoe shining.
The man shines the top of a shoe and finishes by fixing the laces of the shoe.
A scene of sand dunes leading to a beach shoreline.
A girl in a blue blouse walks and poses in the sand.
A man wearing a safari hat leads a group of camels with riders in a single file.
The camera pans a close up of the camels lying in the sand with their riding saddles on.
A rider captures the view of the sand dunes leading to the ocean.
The camel caravan arrives to a camp on the beach.
A pair of garden shears is shown.
A woman is demonstrating how to use the garden shears in different situations.
A younger girl demonstrates how to use the shears.
An older man shows how he uses the shears.
A young man is shown using the shears to reach something above his head.
The original woman shown demonstrates using the shears on different plant types.
The same woman shows how to use the telescoping handle of the shears and cutting plants that would be out of reach.
The same woman walks down a path with the shears.
The woman then shows how the shears work demonstrating on several other plants.
A young woman is shown using the shears.
An older man uses the shears.
Another man is shown using the shears to reach tree limbs.
The first woman shows additional features of the shears and the same examples of other people using the shears is shown again.
The woman walks up a set of stairs with the shears.
The same woman is shown in the store purchasing the shears.
Inside a gym, two men hold two jump ropes.
A guy in a ponytail jumps the jump ropes with hand stands.
A man in a black shirt watches.
A graphic of a boy kicking a soccer ball with 3 defender is seen.
The ball is deflected by the defenders in the graphic.
A soccer player kicks a ball that is blocked by a series of defenders and a goalie on and indoor field.
A close up of a christmas tree is shown followed by a young child hanging up ornaments.
The girl walks back and fourth hanging up ornaments all over a tree.
The girl continues to hang up ornaments while the camera captures her movements.
A man is stirring something in a pot.
The first man leaves the scene as a second man enters and stirs something in a bowl.
The first man walks into and out of frame.
The camera pans left to watch the first man working at an oven.
A woman leads a class of boys and girl in exercise.
They use steppers to jump up and down, and side to side.
Then they run in place, hopping on and off the steppers.
They slow down, cooling off before clapping.
A woman with blonde hair,a purple jacket and black gloves on is standing near a stable talking.
As she continues talking,her saddle is shown and she begins talking about the specifics of it.
The lady then puts it on the horse and begins rubbing certain parts of it to make sure it is secure.
A close up of a leaf blower is shown followed by the camera looking around the area.
A hand is then seen starting the machine and pushing the machine around the yard.
The man turns off the machine and looks around the front while pointing to the top of the machine.
The camera pans around the machine and the man is shown giving a thumbs up.
Two suma wrestlers walk to a ring.
A crowd watches the fight.
The suma wrestlers prepare themselves.
A referee calls them into position.
The suma wrestlers begin fighting, with one of them immediately throwing the other to the ground.
The winning suma wrestler is applauded and cheered on by the crowd as he walks off the stage.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while holding up various objects and sharpening a stick.
The man then puts a helmet on and attached the stick to a holder, leading into the man creating a spark and cutting an object.
He pauses to speak more to the camera and looking down at the object to see how it turned out.
A man sitting on an exercise equipment.
He put his feet on a holder, and put the strap on.
He pull the bar, at the same time pushed his legs.
He repeat the process several times.
A chef shows all the ingredients to do pasta.
Then, the chef puts the pasta in hot water, then pours oil in a pan.
Next, the chef adds to the pan the garlic, tomatoes, basil, salt, pepper and the cooked pasta and mix.
After, the chef adds the parmesan cheese on top the pasta and serves in a dish.
The chef put cheese and two green leaves on top the pasta in the dish.
A man in a suit is talking into a microphone.
People are water skiing in the water.
A man falls down and is dragged by the boat through the water.
A man turns around while water skiing and holds the rope with his foot.
He crashes and falls into the water.
A group of rafters carries a raft down a path.
Groups of rafters ride down a river going over small waterfalls.
The rafters climb out from there boat onto the shore and walk up the path.
People jump from rocks into a swimming hole of the river.
The rafters enjoy an outdoor lunch at a beach house.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into several shots of people speaking and wearing heels.
The women walk on the ground down a street while many watch and then all run down the road in heels.
We see an opening title screen.
We then see a girl run and fall on a slip and slide.
We see another title screen and watch the kids slide down  slide and across their slip and slide.
A kid slides down the slide on a raft.
A close up of an instrument is shown followed by a woman sitting into frame and speaking to the camera.
She then picks up the flute and begins playing it and pausing to speak in between.
She plays the instrument again and pauses to put it down and speak to the camera.
A child mops the floor of a hallway in a house.
The child sets the mop down and plays with her family member.
The child walks into the bedroom area and continues to mop the floor.
A person is attempting high jumps.
The first few attempts are good.
The final attempt is not ever achieved.
A person's hands are seen working on the head of a human and placing pieces of hair into the head.
The person ties the hair into several braids and then transitions into pictures of the hair in an updo.
A black screen with a white banner at the bottom has various information that include a website, state, phone number and logo.
A white screen follows and it includes a logo, name of the products and indicates that this is an "INSTRUCTIONAL VIDEO".
Another white screen appears and a content list appears and there 1-5.
On the next white screen a cardboard box is shown and then it begins to show the many different contents that come in the box, along with the names of them next to it.
A woman is now standing in a hallway as she puts together her cleaning tool by screwing the top portion onto her pole and applying a cloth to the end, then she straps her spray bottle onto her hip.
The woman then begins to spray the cloth on the cleaning tool and starts cleaning various different areas in the office including windows, elevator doors, TVs and changing out the clothes in between to suit the surface she is working on.
The woman is now seen at a double glass door as she's now holding a cloth in her hand to clean the doors and other surfaces.
The woman is then shown putting the different clothes into the washer and then hanging her cleaning tool up on the wall.
A black screen appears and it includes the same white banner as it did in the very beginning.
A group of people play polo on horses on  a grass covered, fenced in field surrounded by onlookers and spectators.
A man on a horse walks down the center of a line of people on a horse while holding a long mallet pole.
A group of spectators standing and sitting on the grass look on from the side of the field.
The game of polo begins and the people on the horses begin to swing their mallet poles across the ground.
A young child is shown rubbing glitter all over his lips and walking over to a mirror.
He continues putting the gloss on his lips and smacking his lips and finally turning towards the camera to speak.
A parent is tattooing their very small child that looks like he is about 3 .
He is crying because it hurts and his mean mother is keeping him held down while they tattoo his arm.
They keep going with the tattoo it is on his upper arm but you can't tell what they are tattooing.
The artist grabs something green and starts to shake it.
A person flips over another person and gets thrown into the bushes.
A person in a red shirt starts running towards them.
A man wearing gloves is seen speaking to the camera while holding up various objects to the camera.
He then puts the objects together to create a large flame and hammers down a tool in the end and shows the results.
A teen talks, then he takes off a contact lens from the right eye.
Then, teen puts the contact lens on the index finger and then puts again it in his right aye.
After, the teen continues talking.
A man travels to Japan to study how to be a sumo wrestler.
The man gets training and learns the techniques of sumo.
A man is practicing indoors, he is doing intervals of jumping while running.
Once he lands in the sand he goes back to start again.
He does this over and over each time starting farther back.
Then the practice is over and it's done.
We see a tree with leaves blowing int he wind.
A man rakes his yard and talks to the camera.
The man chooses a rake from four.
The man throws some grass in the garbage.
The man picks up and smells a twig with leaves.
The man throws his rake into the yard.
The man sprinkles leaves into the yard and rakes them up.
We then see the twigs and leaves again.
A young girl is seen standing behind a table squeezing limes while another washes dishes in the background.
The girl continues juicing the fruit and walks towards the camera then back again.
A man appears before several targets on a back wall.
He talks about the basics of archery.
A woman is shown with an archery set.
She pulls back the arrow, then shoots at her target as he talks.
A man and a woman anchor are talking behind a desk and several television.
The woman is then shown alone and she begins talking.
An ice rink then appears and a woman begins coaching a man about specific techniques for a game.
She has a brief interview and continues coaching people on Curling.
More people are in the gym and they continue curling and more instructors begin having interviews.
Clips are shown from a real curling game and the people begin to wait against the wall.
A special effect intro screen appears which is mainly blue and white words in the middle of the screen appear and they read "ROPE SKIPPING".
Behind the words there are 4 girls with their own jump ropes and they're all rope skipping separately and eventually they jump in unison.
White words appear on the screen that read "Klasse 7c/Fr Leifels", the girls drop to the ground to end their routine and they smile and look around.
A close up of a floor is seen followed by a young child kneeling before another.
A person is seen sitting on a bed with the young child shines the shoes of another.
The kids continues to shine the shoes of another.
A person is seen sitting in a chair with his arm out getting a tattoo from a male artist.
The men speak back and fourth to one another and the camera zooms in on the arm being done.
In the end pictures of the men standing together are shown as well as the tattoo.
A small group of girls are seen standing ready holding flags and lead into them performing a routine.
A man sits in front of them playing an instrument while they continue spinning and many on the sides watch.
A girl is shown speaking to the camera as well as dancing and then is seen playing the violin.
She plays the instrument while dancing at the same time and ends with her speaking to the camera.
A woman with blonde long hair is carrying a white hula hoops, the hula hoops has rainbow colored tape on parts of it.
The girl walked towards the lake, she is walking barefoot on the grass.
The camera turns towards her face, then she started swirling the hula hoops and put it on her.
The girl started to do hula hoops tricks, first on her waist then up, then to her legs and arms.
A woman is seen kneeling down next to a vacuum followed by several pictures of her vacuuming and moving around the carpet.
More pictures are shown of the carpet as well as her kneeling down and she empties out a vacuum while still speaking to the camera.
An intro leads into two women in front of the camera, one standing and speaking, and the other sitting and watching.
The woman standing holds up a brush and begins brushing the woman's hair.
She finishes brushing the woman's hair and looks back to the camera smiling.
Two girls spin double jump ropes while a girl in a black skirt jumps and a crowd of spectators watches on.
A girl in jeans enters the ropes and performs different jumping moves.
A girl in a blue shirt enters the jump ropes and performs different moves while jumping.
A girl enters the jump ropes going extra fast speed and performs fast jumps.
Players on a field are running around playing a game.
They get into a big fight on the field.
The ref comes and breaks the fight up.
A man in a yellow striped shirt is talking to the referee.
A wooden outdoors stair case is shown outside of a white and brown horse.
All of a sudden,a black dog comes around the corner and trots up the stairs and multiple replays are shown.
Once the dog actually makes it to the top,he begins licking the person'a behind the camera shoe.
A man is kneeling down on a blue mat.
A man is standing up behind him talking.
The man on the mat has a brown belt around his waist.
A group dances in a spotlight wearing traditional chines robes and hats.
The men pretend to pull imaginary ropes.
The men crouch down one after the other and thrust there hips.
The men stand back to back in a partial circle and dance.
The men hold up there arms like a Hindu goddess.
We see a blue title card.
A man and a woman begin dancing in a ballroom.
They pause and the lady sweeps her leg.
The man dips the lady.
The lady slides to the ground.
The lady does the splits.
The man lifts the lady in the air.
We switch and see people dancing in different locations.
We see the blue ending screen.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera in front of a large bush.
The woman then uses a shovel along some dirt.
The camera pans around the plant when she is finished.
A little boy carries a bower on his back and blow dead leaves of a backyard.
Then, the little boy goes to other place to blow leaves.
After, the little boy blow leaves near a tree.
A man is standing on a pair of skis.
He then skis quickly down a snowy embankment, accidentally hitting a skier in his path and sending her careening to the right.
they stop and talk, checking to make sure she is ok.
A camera pans around a large yard to show two people moving a wooden bar.
One man then steps on the bar and begins using a tool to cut down hedges.
The man looks back to the speak to the camera and the men move the bar.
A man, wearing a kilt and white t-shirt plays the bagpipes while standing outside of a shopping strip parking lot, as cars pass by.
A man stands outside next to a yellow fire hydrant and plays the bagpipes as cars pass.
The man moves closer to the cars or the edge of the sidewalk as he plays.
The man continues to play bagpipes on the sidewalk until the scene fades to black.
A little girl is standing in front of a hopscotch game in her living room.
She jumps forward on each square, then turns and goes the other way.
She smiles and bows for the camera.
We see a black opening title screen.
We see a boat floating in the ocean and people sitting on the boat.
Three people are underwater in diving gear looking at the sealife.
We see a man and a woman swimming together and the lady waves at the camera.
The lady makes an explosion sign with her hands and waves.
The lady takes her mouth piece out and shrugs her shoulders.
We see the people back on the boat and the man and the girl hug each other.
We see a balloon high in the sky.
A close up of potatoes are shown followed by a woman speaking to the camera.
The woman points to a pot and then begins peeling the potatoes and putting them into a pot.
She mixes it with salt and dips the potatoes into ice water, watching them finish peeling.
Several swimmers walk past each other, shaking hands.
They gather in the pool, then engage in a game of water polo.
They hit the ball back and forth, trying to get it into the net.
A camera pans outside of a building and looks into a dark room where a man is exercising and speaking to the camera.
The man continues riding on the equipment while moving faster and slower and the camera pans around his movements.
A boy is standing in a kitchen with two pieces of bread.
He opens the fridge and takes out sandwich ingredients.
He squirts mustard and mayo onto the sandwich.
He then adds meat and cheese.
Afterward, he puts the ingredients back into the fridge, zeroing in on the sandwich on the counter.
People sail in canoes in a river rowing oars.
A young man plays the guitar in a boat, while a youth smoke a cigarette.
Two young ladies sail a boat behind the men.
kids are in a park around a squarepants bob sponge pi単ata pulling threads.
woman is behind playground holding a bag and watching the kids.
woman holds the pi単ata while kids keep pulling from the pi単ata.
kid pulls the thread and opn the pi単ata and kneel in the floor picking up candies.
Two people are standing in a kitchen.
A man moves a glass bowl off the counter.
A woman begins chopping a tomato on a board.
A large yard is seen covered in snow with a person walking into frame.
The man is seen holding a shovel and begins pushing it around the area.
The man clears out all the snow and shows off a path in the end.
A man is holding a yellow iron sitting on top of a box.
He melts a bar of was on the bottom of the hot iron.
He then irons over the wax that dripped down onto a ski.
He finishes and sets the iron down.
A female coach and cheer director talks to the camera.
She then spots a little girl through a backflip.
She helps her do several different tasks, explaining the process as they go.
A volleyball player throws the ball in the air.
Her teammate catches it and throws it over the net.
The volleyball player serves the ball.
An opposing player dives to spike the ball.
Her teammate throws the ball over the net.
The volleyball player who dove earlier spikes the ball over the net.
An opposing player hits the ball.
Her teammate hits it back at her.
The teammate spikes it over the net.
The opposing player hits the ball.
Her teammate throws the ball over the net to the opposing team.
The opposing player hits the ball towards her teammate.
Her teammate hits the ball.
Her teammate hits the ball over the net.
An opposing player dives and hits the ball.
One of the teammates on the opposing team dives to catch and throw the out of bounds ball.
A woman is seen bending down in front of the camera and turn on a faucet of water.
The woman continues uses the water and begins scrubbing down a shirt and stepping in the buckets.
More shots are shown of them cleaning the clothes and ends by hanging them up.
A blonde women runs jumps and twist a lands on the padding.
Another woman runs and jumps and she doesn't make it she falls onto the grass.
She completely missed the jump altogether and hits the pole down when she falls.
She is laughing down on the ground and a man comes up to help her up.
The video begins with several shots of people riding down long roads on skateboards in fast motion as well as slow.
The people perform various jumps and tricks down these long and winding roads and shows the boarder speaking into the camera.
A man talks to the camera as people begin going down a man made white water river on kayaks.
The people get slightly stuck, then unstuck as they go down small waterfalls.
A woman falls out, and is pulled back in by another person.
We then see several images of people in kayaks on the rapids.
We see an opening title screen.
There is a black and white TV show with two men on a stage talking and laughing.
The right man gets up and walks to a piano.
The man plays a grand piano.
The man finishes and stands up.
We see the crowd clapping.
The men shake hands and the piano player walks away and the host talks and shimmies a bit.
A man in a black tank top describes cardio workout on a spin bike.
The man in the black tank top mounts the spinning bike in intervals of 45 second cruise speed tension, the 15 seconds hard with tension up.
Then cool down with cruise speed tension.
A man plays tam-tam, and then he talks with crossed hands on a tan-tam.
Then, the man plays tam-tam with his right hand and plays with sticks with the left hand.
People are canoeing down a river of water.
They are going around poles in the water.
They go under a bridge.
A person's hands are seen places in the middle of a paper and begins drawing along the picture.
The person then paints a large tree while still moving around quickly on the painting.
The person finishes the painting and signs their name and shows a picture of themselves.
A shot of a board is shown followed by various groomers grooming dogs on tables.
The people continue grooming the dogs on tables and the video ends with text across the screen.
Videos of several men throwing the discus are shown in turn, with the men being watched by audiences and judges, and the throws replayed in slow motion after.
Judges are shown evaluating the distance of the one of the throws.
Judges are once again shown evaluating the distance of one of the throws.
A man dressed in all white is shown fighting different men outdoors and hitting them very hard.
Tai Chi Combat along with his website and various other website icons are located on the bottom right.
The man is then standing alone outdoors where he's still wearing the same white outfit and is talking very passionately using hand motions and lots of facial expressions.
The man is once again shown to be fighting different men outdoors and he seems to be winning each fight.
After this round of fights, the man is once again talking very passionately with a lot of hand movements and facial expressions.
The man then goes back to more fighting with different men somewhere outdoors where he continues to win the fights by hitting and occasionally kicking.
Lastly, the man is once again show talking very passionately with hand movements and a lot of facial expressions and around him are overlays on the screen advertising his youtube channel along with his website for TAI CHI COMBAT.
Various ingredients are laid out on a counter and are all mixed together in a bowl.
The person is then shown placing dough balls into the oven and pressing a button.
Then person then takes the cookies out and they disappear, all in stop animation.
The video leads into several clips of people performing skateboarding tricks out in public places.
Many more clips are shown of people riding around on skateboards doing flips and tricks.
There's a man sitting with the Olympics logo behind him, talking about sports.
A group photograph of a many people of different age groups is shown.
There are some people playing beach volley ball in the sand on a sunny day with several people watching them.
One of the players hits the ball to his opponent by punching it with his fist.
Another player returns the ball by kicking it across the net.
The players continue playing the game by punching the ball across the net.
A man holding his kayak talk to the camera.
He is in his kayak paddling downstream.
Another rower passes him and does a flip.
He talks to the camera again.
We see the parking lot off camera.
Back in the water passing a waterfall.
Talking head to camera again.
Point of view shots from his kayak.
Talking head as he very animatedly talks to the camera.
Point of view from the boat following another rower.
Talking head interspersed with shots from the water illustrating the technques he talks about in his talking head shots.
A handyman is standing in front of a porch and talking.
The man uses two squeegees to clean two windows at the same time.
The man finishes and puts his tools in his tool belt.
He smiles and walks away.
A man is seen speaking to a woman outside that leads into a game of rock paper scissors.
The girls slaps the man and he continues to play the game with several other girls on the street in various locations.
When the man wins the girls kiss him on the cheek.
People walk holding surfboards, then they board a boat.
A man water ski behind the boat jumping high and spinning.
Then, a woman and a man water ski doing acrobatic jumps.
A boat sails empty in the river.
After, men water ski jumping and turning around.
Next, a person surf on the waves created by the boat, after the man water ski jumping and flipping high.
A couple appears on the screen, talking about dancing the tango.
They begin showing different steps of the dance as they talk.
They move forward and back and forth, demonstrating the tango.
They then dance together for the camera.
little girl is doing gymnastics in the middle of the court holding batons.
pictures of woman are shown.
A man is standing at a counter with a Smith knife.
He demonstrates how to sharpen the knife.
He pours oil on the sharpening tool and runs the knife over it.
He cleans the tool and puts it away.
Several shots of a lake are shown followed by a person climbing behind a boat on a wake board.
The person rides the wake board along the water while several cameras capture his movements and jumps behind the boat.
The camera captures the person driving the boat as well as following the wake boarder close behind the boat.
In the end three boys are riding the boat and driving along.
The kid is standing in the court.
The little girl is sitting at the other end of a mat.
The young boy run towards the mat and jump over the pole.
The video pans into several shots of people performing arm wrestling matches and screaming afterwards.
Many people are seen playing with one another and screaming to the crowd after their performance.
A woman is sitting in a chair talking.
A persons hand is playing rock paper scissors with a robot.
A man in a white shirt is talking to the woman.
A woman is in a stable with a white horse.
She shows a collection of brushes and grooming supplies.
She pets the horse as she talks, and tries to keep him calm.
She uses the brushes to groom him thoroughly, then cleans his hooves.
an image of a girl with her vlog asking people to subscribe.
a girl wearing red hirt with her face is sitting on a living room and is reading tweets and talking about them.
girl holds a small pumpkin and a knife and cut the pumpkin while talking.
the pumkkin is slice in two and is shown the inside while the girl keps talking and reading tweets.
A woman is in a gym talking.
the woman demonstrates how to do an exercise with a step.
A man is seen beginning to climb up a rock wall while looking back and speaking to the camera.
He continues to climb up and down while showing off to the properly climb with his feet.
He does this a few more times while the camera shows text instructions.
A woman is seen walking into frame while speaking to the camera and putting her face in cream.
The woman then rubs the cream on her face while still speaking to the camera.
The camera pans around the kitchen while the woman continues to rub her hands in the lotion.
A woman in a red shirt is standing in a room.
She starts working out on a blue mat.
She stops and talks to the camera.
A group of men sit around a bar flirting with a bartender behind the bar.
The woman continues talking to the men while the camera pans around various groups of people nearby the bar.
The woman sparks with her hands while also dealing cards for people at the bar.
The lady picks up a brush and scissors.
She sweeps the base of the stand.
She brushes the dogs right leg.
She then clips the hair on this paw.
She brushes the fur upwards.
She then clips the fur on the paw again.
She brushes his paw again.
She then clips the fur on the paw another time.
She then combs the cut hair off the paw.
She clips the hair off the back of the paw.
Fade to black, and the credits occur.
A young boy mows the front lawn in a suburban residential neighborhood.
A young boy in t-shirt and shorts maneuvers a lawn moves back and forth across a small patch of lawn as he mows the lawn.
The boy then walks the mower down a longer stretch of lawn near the corner across from a stop sign.
A girl in a bikini is doing hula hoop on a patio.
She spins around several times and seems to be having a lot of fun.
The came moves up and down to keep her in the frame.
It then jumps to another girl only showing her bottom half as a hula hoop spins around her.
Another girls is shown dancing inside of a house several times.
There is a truck being driven on the road in the beginning of the video.
Then a man is shown sitting by the poolside, surfing in the water with other people.
A large group of people are seen running around a field playing a game with one another while the camera pans around the area.
The games continues on as people cheer on the sides and the men continue playing with one another.
A view of a top of a roof with pine straws shown strewn all over it appears and a banner at the bottom say's "If you got pine straw on your roof, call us 678-887-9479.
A man is now on the top of the roof and he has a blower in his right hand, metal stick in his left hand for balance, and he's walking along the roof blowing off all of the pine straws.
The last view is of the cleaned off roof and the website is shown at the bottom of the screen.
A close up shot of children are seen riding around a bumper car game and running into one another.
Two boys are seen bumping in to one another with several other kids riding around and hitting each other.
Supplies to wrap a gift is laying on a wooden table.
A gift wrapped present is wrapped with a clear plastic and taped in place.
Red ribbons are tied at each end.
A scissor is used to cut off the excess clear plastic at each end.
The final wrapped product is laying on the table.
A man and a woman are drinking coffee outside next to a camper.
The man is playing guitar.
The woman walks to the camera and starts showing off paper documents.
She throws the papers and walks back to the man.
A man is seen giving the camera a piece sign while others around him talk and gear up.
One man is then seen stepping up on a platform and jumping off the side.
A woman talks in an office.
The woman explains how she curls her hair.
A person is seen getting out of a car and walking around to the trunk to grab a surf board.
The person is then seen wearing a suit and running down a boardwalk followed by him surfing.
The man glides along the water in slow motion and is then seen speaking to the camera.
A woman and man play shuffleboard outside.
The woman goes first and then the man takes his turn.
The camera pans around a pool and audience and leads into a group of swimmers standing ready on the side.
Afterwards several men are seen performing impressive dives into a pool that include flips and tricks and the divers receiving medals in the end.
Several teams of people are seen playing a game of tug of war with one another with people watching on the sides.
The people continue competing with one another and ends with one team winning.
A person is seen sitting behind a set of drums playing them consistently.
She continues to play the drums while the camera zooms in on her hands.
Two cars are parked on the side of the road as train passes by.
All of a sudden,the angle shifts and a boy begins skateboarding down the hill and throughout the city.
A large group of people are seen wandering around a dance studio with a man in front.
The man then begins to lead a dance class in front of the group of people.
The people continue dancing around following the man and moving their arms and legs around.
We see the colorful title card.
We see kids playing at the playground.
The boy gets off the swing and we follow him to the slide.
The boy finishes sliding and goes to a different part of the park and plays  around.
The boy slides and falls on the bridge before sliding down.
He plays with the large swing with another kid.
We see the end screen.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera and showing off various tools to the camera.
She explains how each tool works for cleaning a horse and ends by smiling to the camera.
A man in a red shirt walks around a ladder.
He places his arm on the ladder.
A woman places red wallpaper up against a wall.
She smooths the red wall paper out with her hands and with a tool.
She measures the wallpaper to make sure it's straight.
The woman places a tool on the top and bottom of the wallpaper and removes any extra wallpaper.
The man in the red shirt is talking.
A man in a red shirt is kneeling down.
Another man in a black shirt is standing up in front of him.
They are fixing something on a bike.
A girl walks to the end of a diving board and lifts her hands.
The girl jumps on the diving board to prepare herself.
The girl then does a backwards flipping dive into the pool.
A woman talks and lie down on the floor, then she bend her legs and lift both.
Then, the woman lifts the two legs straight.
After, the woman lifts only one leg and the other leg rest bend on the floor.
Various athletes are seen standing ready while one jumps in place and prepares himself.
He then runs down a long track into a sand pit and sticks his hands in the air.
A man holds a white fag up while the athlete celebrates and his jump and people's reactions in the audience are shown again.
Three girls exercise inside a house.
The girls dance while jumping, spinning and moving the hips.
Then, the girls one by one thrown to the ground, then stand and continue dancing.
After, two girls kneel and a child stands on the legs and raise her arms, after the girls ends their performance.
A man is sitting behind three drums.
He begins playing the drums in front of him.
He finishes playing and pictures are shown on the screen.
A person is seen pushing a lawn mower all around a yard while moving around in fast motion.
The person continues moving around to cut the grass and the camera captures his movements.
boy is putting a helmet and is fixing his skateboard.
boy is going down an slope passing by houses till is dark.
man is sitting in an ofice talking to the camera.
a tattoo is shown in a back of a man and the man is tattoing him.
man is standing laying no a stand getting a tatto on his back.
A man rakes leaves from the yard into a pile and dumps them in a metal trash bin.
The man puts his tools away in the shed and carries away a bag of leaves.
A backyard is shown as a man sitting on an electric lawn mower begins to cut the grass.
He makes it to the other side but then starts to run into the tree.
After,he back up,runs into the tree again and cuts around it.
A man prepares for a gymnastics routine on the parallel bars.
The crowd seems to approve when he flips and catches himself before then dismounting.
A person is seen laying down on a bowling alley on the floor.
The man then begins break dancing on the floor.
The man kics a ball down a lane and people celebrate.
A man is spreading mulch around plants.
A man is sitting at a table reading a newspaper.
A well manicured yard is shown.
A person shows how to warp a gift like a professional and do fancy ornaments and ribbons on gifts.
The woman arrange a gift basket and shows a pile of nice gifts.
Then, the woman wraps gifts with different shapes and ornaments.
A man and woman are sitting on red couches with sports jerseys hanging on the wall and a blue screen on the wall behind them in the middle of them.
The woman picks up a clipboard next to her and smooths out the papers that are on top of it while smiling, crosses her legs and sits back.
The man is talking this whole time while the woman gets comfortable on her couch and the woman briefly talks.
Various clips begin to play and it briefly shows parts of a city, then most of it is of men outdoors and playing soccer on sand in a middle of city, and occasionally blue words pop up on the screen when certain plays in the game are made.
When the clips end the man and woman on the couch begin talking and she puts her clipboard down.
A large crowd sits in a theater clapping and watching.
Two women are seen on stage dancing.
One of the women shows her talent balancing swords on her different parts of her body.
A man is on a canoe holding a paddle in a swimming pool.
A man pivots a canoe helping with an oar.
We see a person sitting in front of a shoe holding a can with brush.
The man takes the top off and sprays the shoes.
The man uses the brush on the shoe to rub the shoe.
The man puts the top back on the can.
The man gets up and grabs the camera.
We see a man walk to the parallel bars and jump on.
We see the man perform a routine on the bars.
The man does a handstand.
The man flips and dismounts from the bars.
The man raise his arms in the air.
The man walks away and hugs another man.
A circle of green grass is shown with a trail of rocks surrounding it,a brick wall,and some trees.
A man then comes and starts to cut the grass going around its perimeter.
After,he takes the lawn mower and starts going vertically across the grass until the whole thing has been completed.
A white screen appears and happy faces are displayed and black text words read "happyface Entertainment".
There are two Asian women standing face to face very close to one another and talking about a can while subtitles show up at the bottom.
The woman holding the bottle on the right tries to unscrew the bottle open and has a hard time so someone reaches in and opens it for her and hands it back.
The women laugh, smell the contents in the bottle and the brunette tastes a little bit of it and they both laugh.
Several young men practice long jumps, and backward jumps inside of a gym with an American Flag hanging on the wall.
A man practices a long jump inside of an indoor gym using a interior sandbox  for landing and a drawn race track isle.
Another man practices hurling himself backward over a pole onto a gym mat inside of the gym.
Several more men practice long jumps and backward jumps inside of the gym using the sandbox and gym mats as landing tools.
A man dressed for cold weather is outside in the snow fumbling with a chain in his hands.
The chain is then placed around a tree stump and the man picks up an ax.
The man hits the stumps continuously until the stump is broken up into pieces and then he unchains it in the back of his truck.
A white screen appears with a picture of a globe and a banner around it with yellow words that say "ABADA-CAPOEIRA"and is followed with various white screens that have black writing on each individual screen.
People that include both children and adults are gathered in a room and are watching a film being projected on a large wall.
Now there are people that are dressed in white and are in a room with blue mats on the ground and various different people including both adults and children are all dancing capoeira style either together, or separately while some people play instruments and some people just watch them.
When they're done dancing a lot of the children pile onto and around an adult man and they take a group picture.
Outro appears and it's the globe, white screens with black words on each one, and then logos.
A woman brushes and dries her hair.
The woman puts the blow dryer down and brushes her hair again.
A group of people start to dig a structure close to the shore.
As the digging continues more people join to dig as a pattern ensues.
The digging continues and people start to add rocks in a linear fashion around the rig and dig beside the rocks and eventually cover the rocks with sand.
Finally in the tide moves up and starts to destroy the structure that was created.
In the end people observe the failing  structure and leave while a girl stands in the middle as the water moves up and destroys it completely.
Two little girls take pack a suitcase and take a trip to New York City.
Two little girls stand in a room dressed in costumes that later morph into ballerina outfits.
The two girls begin to dance together while singing or speaking into the camera.
The clip fades to the two girls folding and packing clothes in a suitcase in a bedroom in a house,  The girls pack tutus in a pink suitcase and then cut to them in a horse drawn carriage in the streets of New York,  talking and pointing to landmarks.
The trip ends and the two girls run into a building and then sing together on the edge of a water fountain before running off.
The credits of the clips are shown.
Guys play polo sport on a dirt arena.
The credits of the video are shown.
An old video of people surfing is shown.
People catch waves and the fat guy does a pretty good job.
A person sitting on a bicycle is seen sitting before a track start with others and leads into him completing a race.
Several more shots are shown of people racing all together as well as the man riding around and others recording him.
We see a lady and a girl on a raft on a snowy hill.
The lady and a man push people down the hill.
The people slide in rafts down the hill.
The little girl stands and looks behind her.
A man is outside in a tennis court talking while he is holding a tennis racket.
He goes on the court and with the racket and a ball from his pocket and hits it.
He gives some very detailed information a for a while, tennis seems to be something he knows about very well.
He shows how you should hit the ball properly and goes on talking some more.
People competes bike cross in a field.
People bike on a bumpy track where a crowd gather to watch the bike cross competition.
A biker falls on the ground.
The bikers arrive to the finish line.
The athlete is balancing in the bean as the man took out the spring jumper.
The athlete did cartwheel on the beam as the crowd applauded.
When the female athlete finished her number, she jumped off the beam cartwheeling down the blue mat.
Two men film themselves in an arm wrestling match that someone asked them to make.
Two men are sitting in a room next to each other while one man reads off a laptop then they both grab one another's hand to motion what is about to happen.
One man sets up the camera to film the match.
The men get prepared at the corner of a table, grab hands and then countdown from three.
The two men arm wrestle as the make jokes and laugh while doing it.
One man gives up and both of the men talk and laugh about the match.
One man grunts and throws his hands up in victory.
A woman is seen standing behind a counter speaking to the camera and pointing to various ingredients.
She pours oil into a hot pan and begins mixing ingredients together in the pan.
She boils noodles into a pot and mixes it together in the pan and serves it onto a plate.
A man is pictured next to an ad for yoga.
He is standing in a forest, making slow and graceful yoga moves.
He stands on a platform, continuing the graceful movements.
We then see him again in the woods, still performing yoga quietly.
Several clips are shown of people riding around on skateboards in a park while looking back and smiling to the camera.
The video continues with many more shots of people performing grinds and tricks on their skateboards and speaking to the camera.
In the end they are seen driving around together in a car and laughing with one another.
A newsman in a suit is talking.
Older women are behind sewing machines sewing blankets.
two men are sitting in front of a counter in a kitchen.
men start mixing a cake.
man is in the kitchen and pour some ingredients inside a cooking pot and mix them while is boiling water and put the pot on top of the boiled water.
man start mixing in a kitchen aid and create a white cream.
A person paint nails to a woman using purple nail polish.
A woman is looking down.
People rides bumper cars in a carnival.
A teen wearing red cup gets hit by other cars.
People spin around and then continue riding and bumping.
Then, people spin without hitting and then continue riding and bumping cars.
A boy wearing white shirt spins around and get hit by several cars.
A gray dog is walking outdoors, and the owner is young white male who is walking along with the dog outdoors and talking to the camera.
A screen appears that displays two logos in the middel and the text above the logos read "BEHIND THE SCENES" and under the logo words read "PRESENTED BY:GEICO".
A man is now dressed in protective gear and he is joined by many others who are dressed the same and clips of them playing paintball guns in an open area and on a course.
A man is now standing on a very high platform looking down at a large group of people, and the words "COMIC-CON SAN DIEGO CA" are at the bottom right, and the man jumps onto a very large air mattress, he gets up and begins running along a very long obstacle course requiring him to do various different things and the view is from a camera that his is wearing around his neck.
He completes the obstacle course and an outro screen appears with 3 small different video screens playing over the main screen and the top words on the screen say "PRESENTED BY GEICO".
A lady walks to a barbell.
She bends down and grabs the pole.
The lady stands and lifts the weight over her head.
The lady drops the barbell and smiles.
A man is shown smoking a cigarette while walking several dogs attached to chains on his belt.
A man is talking from behind a table.
Several scenes are then shown of the actor while the news person talks about him.
A man in a black hat is hitting a ball on the grass with a club.
He continues to talk to the camera.
He holds up a small trophy.
a man in swimming trunks is outdoors, fastening himself into equipment.
He gets on a parasailer, and gets into the water.
He begins sailing on a surfboard, holding on tightly as he speeds up.
He then stops in the water, leaning onto his side.
We see a little girl holding the leash for a big dog.
The little girl falls and drops the leash.
The little girl then follows the dog to get the leash.
She gets the leash and walks the dog.
An indoor track is shown as a male begins running with a pole vault but he isn't successful in his jump.
Another person then comes behind the camera and begins talking.
The athlete then does his jump several more times but he isn't successful.
We see an opening title screen.
A man puts a pile of marshmallows in his mouth.
A man make a campfire and tips flash on the screen.
The man digs a hole put rocks around it and gather firewood.
He puts the wood in a triangle in the pit and logs on the outside.
The man lights the fire and adds a few more pieces of wood.
We see the ending title screen.
A white intro screen appears and red letters in a foreign language appear flashing on the screen.
A white bowl filled with water and 3 potatoes appear in one bowl, and ice cubes are in another white bowl.
A hand then grabs the top potato, the bowl of ice cubes and pours the cubes into a bigger white bowl that already has water in it.
The two hands now drop the potato into the larger bowl with the ice cubes and water and the fingers begin to peel off all of the skin under the water and when all the peels are gone the potato is placed onto a clean white plate.
The white outro screen appears and more foreign red letters appear.
A skier is adjusting his shoes on the board.
Then he is seen flying through the air on the water board.
He is skiing while attached to the back of a boat.
Outside a lumbar jack is standing with an axe, he is dressed up in a coat to stay warm.
There are plenty of logs piled up to the side of him.
All cut and collected most likely by him for fires to keep the house warm during winter nights.
He takes his axe and  hits the branch with it.
man is holding a pole with an ice cream and giving it to a little child.
people are standing and walking behind the boy in a amusement park.
a woman is sitting behind a desk talking to the camera.
A woman walks into a room and sits in a pew.
The woman begins to knit.
The woman then talks to the camera.
People are playing badminton on a court.
An audience is watching them play.
A cartoon of people playing the game is shown.
A man in a blue sweater is talking to the camera.
In a sped up special effect, there are 3 people who are shoveling a driveway and removing snow from a car on the right side of their driveway while neighbors and other snow plows are also moving about behind them.
A person drops their shovel in the driveway, then runs to the end of the driveway to play in the snow, then goes back and picks the shovel back up to shovel again.
A black car pulls int o the newly shoveled driveway and the people continue to shovel snow onto the road outside of their driveway.
There is a pool table with billiard balls on it.
A person has a pool cue in their hand.
They hit the cue ball into the other balls.
A person is putting black icing on a cake.
They pour icing on the top out of a pot.
They put strawberries, blueberries, raspberries and black berries on top of the cake.
A woman puts a pair of shoes on while sitting in an office chair.
The woman buckles her shoes.
An elderly priest is sitting down in his chair indoors in a large building and 3 different men break dance on the ground in front of him as the people around him start clapping and lights go off from all the flashes.
When the men are done dancing they stand up together in front of the people and the priest, and they take their bow to the priest and to the people.
The men then walk over to the priest and each kiss his hand and white words appear on the screen and say "Bilder: Reuters Redigering: Malin Lagerlof".
A person is walking along the street that has chalk on it.
A person in a red shirt is hopping along the street with the chalk on it.
They finish and smile at the camera.
A man is working out on bars.
He has a weight attached to his belt.
He goes up and down on the bars.
A large pontoon boat is sailing across an ocean and runs into a large wave that covers the people as well as the boat in water.
The people on the boat continue walking around but the water knocks them over and they start to hold onto the wheels to steer the boat back in the right direction.
A woman is seated, a man is standing, and a little girl is climbing on playground equipment.
She drops down, hanging from the monkey bars as she pretends to kick the man.
She swings to the end, and lands in another man's arms.
A man is raking leaves in his yard.
He has bagged several leaves as he rakes them out of a bird bath.
He continues raking, then opens a bag to pour rocks around the bird bath.
A cowboy rides a horse out of a corral and enters into a fenced off area.
The man rides his horse out of the fenced are and throws a rope around a cattle.
The man is helped by other cowboys while tying up the cattle.
peolpe are running in street under a bridge.
people are standing and running through the bridge and street.
Two team are in each other end of the rope while people are watching and two persons are taking pictures.
The two teams began pulling the rope.
The team in yellow shirt won and then two team shake hands and hugged each other and then gave a bow.
Several people are outside watching a about four men bullfighting with a cape.
Once the bull is caught,they start to move it and they have difficulty because the crowd is on their back.
Next,a shirtless man lays down on the dirt,gets trampled by the bull and jumps up happy about what just happened.
Another bull comes along,runs over a person and the person remains on the ground and a crowd of people come running over to him laying a blanket across his body.
A man lifts a young girl up to reach the sink in a bathroom.
Both the man and the girl reach for their toothbrush and add toothpaste at the same time.
They look in the mirror together as the man shows the girl how to brush her teeth properly.
They rinse and smile at their clean teeth in the mirror.
The man then teaches the girl to floss.
They put their toothbrushes away and the man helps the girl back to the floor.
They walk away together and turn off the bathroom light.
We see the title card on black.
We see a lady riding slowly on an elliptical machine and pulling the handles.
We switch to the lady riding without holding the handles.
We then see the bike in stair stepper mode and using the handles.
We then see her using the bike in stair stepper mode without the handles.
An elderly man is using an elliptical trainer inside a gym.
He pedals and pushes back and forth as he talks to the person with the camera.
A person is shoveling snow off their sidewalk.
A dog is jumping in the snow he is throwing.
Words come onto the screen.
A woman talks on front a hopscotch.
Then, the woman hops n the hopscotch while talking.
The woman turns when arrives to the end of the hopscotch and continues hopping.
A young man is seen standing in front of the camera and begins spinning in circles.
He continues spinning and then does several kicks and punches while also throwing darts.
A man is seen standing in a field with a dog while holding onto toys.
The man then begins throwing the toys while the dog chases after them.
The men continues to do tricks with the dog and end with a picture.
