She is cleary in discomfort as she proceeds to tie her shoe, which she rests on an ottoman.
She takes a small break and then proceeds to put on her right shoe, She rests her right foot on the ottoman while she ties the shoe.
The satisfied and exhausted woman sits back on the sofa and holds her large belly as she completes the task of putting her right shoe on.
A man is explaining how to play the drums on bongos.
He demonstrates how he alternates between three bongos.
He later switches to a much slower beat and rhythm by drumming on the bongos.
He explains how the beats on the drum changes as the rhythm changes.
He then switches back to a faster beat and rhythm on the drums by alternating between two drums.
The person is parasailing the water.
As the person sail, he started to bounce on the water.
The person maneuver the sail to turn around.
A man in red short is pouring a bottle onto some wood.
The man throws some paper on top of the wood.
The man throws matches at the pile of wood.
A fire begins to burn.
A man in an athletic uniform begins swinging a ball and a string around.
He lets go and the ball hits the screen as he falls to the ground.
The video is replayed at various speeds.
A woman chef is demonstrating how to make restaurant style pasta.
She begins with adding spaghetti in a large pot of boiling water.
She sautes chopped onions and some Italian dressing along with garlic on a saucepan.
She then adds a cup of grape tomatoes.
She checks the pasta for it's softness.
She removes the cooked pasta off of the gas and pours it into a plate.
Then she adds the cooked sauce right over the pasta.
She chops fresh basil with a pair of scissors and garnishes it over the pasta along with some cheese Then she shows an Alfredo sauce recipe.
She sprinkles grated Parmesan cheese over the Alfredo pasta to finish off.
A blonde woman is lying on a table as a tattoo artist is putting a design on her pelvis.
She cringes in pain as he works.
We see a temporary close up of her heaving abdomen as he continues.
There are several people sledding down a snowy slope in round snow tubes.
They are going down the steep snowy slope at high speed.
One of the people going down the slope raises his hand to his friend as he goes downhill.
There is an indoor gym where two contestants are fencing with each other.
There is a person dressed in black who is their referee.
Another pair of contestants are also fencing at the same event.
Two men dressed in fencing gear continue to fence in the gym.
A man wearing a red shirt is decorating a Christmas tree.
He is using white lights to wrap the tree around to decorate it.
He goes around the tree several times.
Then he takes a gold colored garland and wraps the tree.
Then he turns the lights on to light up the tree.
He then stands besides the tree, pointing to it after the lights turn on.
A man in polo shirt stands with a bike on a rack and demonstrates it's different features in a bike shop.
The man takes out a tool and makes an adjustment to the wheel sprocket then turns the wheel before adjusting more.
The man adjusts a shifter on the handlebars.
A group of kids poses with the arms in the air.
Another group of kids poses holding up peace signs.
A third group of kids poses with their arms around each other.
A fourth group of kids poses with their mouths open.
A fifth group of kids poses smiling.
A group of kids stands on a line in a gym.
A girl flips across the gym.
A young boy bounces a dodge ball.
A group of kids in blue all run toward the center of the gym.
A young boy aims a dodge ball at a group of kids on the opposite side of the gym and throws the ball hitting one of them.
A young boy in blue celebrates.
Another older boy in blue throws a dodge ball.
A little boy runs to the line holding two balls and throws one of them.
A boy in blue throws a ball while a boy behind him runs.
A boy in pink throws a ball.
A young boy in white dips down and a ball flies over his head.
A boy in pink and then a girl in pink throw a ball.
several kids in white celebrate.
A group of kids runs toward the center of the gym.
The white team plays and a very young player throws the ball.
A boy in green throws the ball and the blue team runs to throw several balls back.
Another boy and girl run and throw a ball at the same time.
A boy in white throws a ball.
A group of adults stands on the line on the gym floor.
The adults play do0dge ball.
A group of kids and adults hold up trophy's and wave.
The screen shows company sponsors for a winter club event.
A blue convertible drives past the North shore Winter Club.
A couple enters the club while a silver mini van is parked outside.
Several people are entering the Curling room inside the club.
The coach representing the Brasil team, wearing a green jersey is giving instructions to the players.
The coach talks to the players while they prepare themselves.
The players begin playing with their sticks as they push the rocks through the floor, Several other players are practicing curling on the floor as they glide through the slippery surface.
Players continue to play and exchange high fives as they practice.
About nine of the contestants receive medals of victory from the judge.
They applaud themselves and each other high fives to express their victory.
The video ends with details about all the sponsors responsible for the event.
We see we an opening title screen.
People stand in the woods holding paddles while wearing rafting gear.
People walk to the lake with their rafts and get in.
We see people riding rafts down a river.
The people go over a small waterfall and their raft is overturned.
People are plunged into the water as they go over a waterfall and a man pumps his fist.
The camera pans up to show nature and fades to white.
We see the ending title screen.
A woman is ironing a brown shirt on an ironing board.
She looks at the tag on the shirt.
She continues ironing the shirt on the ironing board.
She lifts the shirt up and puts it over the ironing board.
She turns the shirt inside out and holds it up.
The host enters a gun store and dances around.
Afterward the into plays for the show.
He then goes on to talk for a while in the store and plays around with a gun on a few cuts.
Afterward a outro for the segment plays with credits.
A girl is tying a blind fold around another while several children on look and an adult holds the girl in place.
The girl is then handed a bat and attempts to break open a pinata.
The girl succeeds in breaking the pinata and the children get very excited.
A bald man is talking and two pictures of a young male with nice hair flashes on the screen.
The man then begins to work with a mannequin head that has a similar hairstyle as the boy in the pictures and he shows how the haircut was achieved while buzzing, cutting, combing and finger combing the hair.
A black screen with white letters appear and they read "Thanks for wathing! Please subscribe!!".
An Olympic logo is seen with the 5 rings.
A young boy wearing striped shirt in a gym lifts a weight bar over his head.
A young man in blue shorts lifts a weight bar over his head in a crowded gym.
Professional athletes in competitions lift large heavily weighted bars overhead for judging.
A large wave breaks in the ocean as surfers and surfers paddle over it.
A large wave crashes in the ocean and a man rides down the face on body board.
surfers ride waves in the ocean.
A large wave breaks on shore and spectators run.
There's man dressed in a blue shirt and blue shorts shooting darts in a room that has beige walls.
He has two darts in his hands which he aims and shoots at a target.
Three men are presenting an instructional video for Slikhaar Studios.
The man in the center is demonstrating a hairstyle on the person wearing the blue shirt.
The man in the blue shirt sits on the chair next to the sink.
The other man begins washing his hair.
He scrubs in the shampoo and then washes it off.
He then combs it and blow dries his hair after styling it with gel.
He uses an electric clipper to groom the sideburns and the temples.
He also trims the back and sides of his head with the clippers.
He uses scissors to trim the hair and give it a finished look.
The model uses some hair gel to style his hair after the haircut.
The host of the show then explains how the hair was cut and styled and gives information about his website.
There are two contestants participating in the athletic jump competition.
There are several spectators and judges watching them as they jump over the bar in a large indoor stadium.
Both the contestants successfully jump over the bar.
There is a slow motion video of the contestant jumping over the bar.
A man is sitting on a rock by a fast flowing river.
Another man sails past him in a raft trying to keep up with the strong current and waves.
There are several other people sitting on the rocks watching the rafter go by.
They are sitting on the rocks with their life vests besides them.
A man films himself standing in a bathroom while holding a razor close to his face.
He begins gently shaving the sides of his face and moves down towards his beard.
He continues shaving the beard from all angles and eventually leaves nothing but a five 0 lock shadow.
A man is throwing darts on to a dart board.
He throws one and makes it to the center of the board.
He throws again and also makes it to the center.
Every single shot makes it right in the center of the board.
The young boy serve the shuttlecock but it hit the net.
The older man serve the ball and the kid missed it.
An older woman in gray shirt serve the ball and the girl in red hit it.
A channel is displaying some cool and incredible videos.
A young boy is sitting outdoors on a wooden bench and drumming on a drum set that is made out of steel plates, cans and pots.
A man just walked past him while the boy was drumming loudly.
He continues to drum on the handmade drum set rhythmically.
He plays in a fast manner without stopping.
The screen shows details of how to subscribe to the channel.
A man is talking to a camera about his hair.
Another man comes in and begins cutting the first boy's fair.
He brushes his hair and cuts through it with a fine comb.
The stylist performs various styles and techniques on the hair.
The stylist puts gel in the hair and the boy is finished with his cut.
Two men introduce themselves in the beginning of the video and tell the viewers that they will be talking about tattoos.
One of the guys comes on the screen and gives some tips about how to prepare to give a tattoo.
A close up of a man is shown giving a tattoo to someone.
Several clients are shown close up on the screen while they are in the process of a tattoo.
A camera zooms in on a backyard that contains a volkswagon and other various items.
A man is shown putting skis together at a rapid pace.
The man finishes up the skis and leaves his hat on top of the skis.
A man is begining to weld.
He starts to weld a piece of metal onto a frame.
He finishes his weld and backs away.
A little boy is standing at the parking lot, he is not wearing a shirt, he talked to the camera.
He then walked with both his elbows up towards the road.
The boy is on stage playing a brown guitar, he is not wearing a shirt, there's a microphone in front of him, behind him is a man playing a guitar too.
A camera pans away from a sign and leads into people pushing material around a floor.
A bend bends down around a floor and pushes the material around the room.
In the end the camera pans around the finished floor.
A man is on the floor with some gadget looking at it and messing around with it.
He puts a hose in one sde of it and starts ro mess around with it some more.
He then moves it to the corer of the carpet and starts working on it.
He moves it down more and pushing the carpet down, he does this to basically the entire room.
A group of athletes are shown standing on a mound, while one throws a ball to another player.
The batter hits the ball into the stands and the moment is recaptured in 3-d.
A reporter comments how amazing the hit was and replays it from various angles.
The player is interviewed by a reporter and once again has his moment shown on tv.
man is standing nex to a van wearing stilts.
another man is sitting on the back part of a van is putting the stilts on his feet.
men wearing stilts are walking in a parking lot to street.
men are kneeling on the street and start jumping going down the paved slope.
A man is recording himself in a lever with another man.
The ride goes up higher and the man with a hat is talking to the other.
The ride reaches the top and the man holds out his arms.
He counts down and drops the man down to bungee jump.
The man makes it to the bottom safely and the ride comes back down.
A man in a white lab coat is seen talking to the camera and showing various tools in a laboratory.
Towel are seen sitting in a sink and the man shows the proper hand washing tools.
He puts his hands under the sink with soap and washes his hand thoroughly.
He dries his hands and continues talking to the camera how why this is important.
A person is walking towards three people who are painting a fence black.
The man asks the boy to see his work and pans the camera over to his wife.
The man makes a joke to his wife and laughs off camera.
A girl is warming up and stretching and grabs 2 large ropes.
Two women are holding each rope and the girl tries to pull both ropes at once.
She continues pulling the rope and succeeds at pulling the two women closer to her.
A group of people perform simple step aerobics out on a sunny day.
The aerobics instructor has the class switch to a new aerobics move in which the group dances their arms out in front of them and incorporate clapping as they take steps.
Their next move is placing their hands up towards the sky as they take a step.
A male gymnast walks up to the parallel bars and uses a spring board to jump up.
Another man pulls the spring board out of the way.
A large crowd watches from the stands in the gym.
The gymnast does a parallel bar routine.
Several other male gymnasts walk around in the background.
The male gymnast completes his routine and runs off of the gym floor.
There are some weightlifters on stage participating in weightlifting events.
There are several spectators watching the event.
One of the weightlifters successfully lifts the weight bar high up and then drops it down.
He raises his right hand feeling triumphant.
A group of a man and three women are on a gym floor.
They are dancing in unison, performing several moves.
When they are done, one woman laughs and runs away.
A man is sitting on a weight machine and grabbing onto handle bars.
He pulls the handlebars back and fourth as the seat he's moving on continuously moves.
He performs this set several times and eventually pauses to let the instruction end.
A man wearing a black shirts with a graphic design is seated near a table with liquor bottles and a shaker.
He is a demonstrating how to make a seasonal alcoholic drink.
He picks up the liquor bottles that he will be using for the drinks.
He uses the jigger to measure and then pour the necessary ingredients into the shaker.
He then adds some cream to the mixture.
He adds a few cubes of ice into the shaker.
Then he shakes beverage vigorously and pours into a conical glass.
He then tops the drink with whipped cream from a can and puts a cherry on the top.
He gives information about his Facebook page and other details.
There two old men wearing straw hats, dressed in t-shirts and shorts getting ready to play shuffleboard.
There two other men standing a few yards away with their cue sticks.
A woman with gray hair and a yellow shirt is seen playing shuffleboard.
There are two discs on the ground that get hit by another disc.
Several spectators are watching a shuffleboard event where various people are competing and playing.
One of the players adjusts his discs before hitting it with the cue stick.
Several kids are in a pool playing a game of water polo.
One of the girls gets the ball and makes a shot into the net as the crowd cheers.
The game resets and the teams begin to play again.
A skateboarder comes by and rolls in a patch of dirt by the side walk.
A man then begins to ride his skateboard from the top of the roof down an inclined road.
The man then begins moving and skateboarding throughout the neighborhood and interacting with the people.
All of a sudden,the man walks through the subway and gets off his skateboard until he gets to his destination.
He then proceeds to skate through the city,jumping over the poles and the credits begin to roll.
A man walking on metal stilts is bouncing a basketball with his right hand as a man passes him on rollerblades in the opposite direction.
The man on stilts turns around while still bouncing the ball, loses control for a little bit, but steps it up and bounces is again.
The man then grabs the basketball with two hands and pretends that he's going to throw it towards the camera.
A man kicks a Frisbee to a dog.
The dog does various tricks while catching the Frisbee.
The dog jumps off the man to catch the toy.
Several other dogs also do a tricks to catch the toy.
A man swings a dog around on a toy.
We see a lady knitting and singing.
We then see a ad for a beer.
Two men are rollerblading on a sidewalk of a quiet street.
There are four young men and women rollerblading on a street with lots of trees.
There are some professionals rollerblading in a stadium and on a sidewalk by a fountain.
One man jumps over a chained sidewalk while rollerblading.
A couple is rollerblading on a sidewalk and another man is jumping over a barricade onto a sidewalk.
Several people are rollerblading on the sidewalk.
There are some people competing in a rollerblading competition.
There are some men rollerblading through streets at very high speed.
Some of them are climbing stairs with their roller blades.
Some men are rollerblading through a busy city and on bridges.
There is a group of young children rollerblading together.
One man leaps over a wall while rollerblading.
One person dives straight into water as he comes rollerblading at high speed.
People are rollerblading through the city, going down the stairs and even on sidewalks.
Two boys jump into an S shaped structure while rollerblading.
Two people are doing figure eights on a bridge as they roller blade.
One person goes steadily while rollerblading.
An intro is shown with a drink being poured into a glass and a caption about drink mixing.
A girl begins to make a drink called a Mai Tai.
She takes out all the things she will need to make the drink.
She gets some ice into a glass and into the shaker.
She adds in the rum, triple sec, syrup, sour mix, and puts the lid on the shaker.
She shakes the shaker for a bit until it gets cold and pours the drink into the glass over the ice.
She tops it off with a bit of sour mix and cherries, as well as a straw.
The video ends with the closing caption.
A teenage boy dances around in the background while another teenage boy wearing practices high jump in a school cafeteria.
A teenage boy completes a high jump landing on his back on the mat.
Several adults and teenagers are standing and sitting around the high jump mat while a boy in black does the high jump.
The boy in black does another high jump while another teenage boy watches in the background.
The same boy in black does a high jump while a taller boy in white walks past.
The same high jump is shown slowly to point out mistakes the boy is making.
A different boy wearing white does the high jump while other people stand and sit nearby.
The high jump from the boy wearing white is replayed to point out mistakes.
A third boy wearing blue does the high jump three times in a row with others in the background.
A replay of the boy in blue is played to point out mistakes he is making.
A girl in a black shirt and pink shorts is painting a wooden fence.
Words come onto the screen.
a woman is standing outside a beam.
She mounts the beam, then does several flips and hand springs over the bar.
She dismounts, raising her arms in the air.
A man holding a pole runs quickly towards the finish line and throws it quite far.
The athlete seems proud of his throw and his moment is shown again in slow motion.
The commentator continues to discuss his technique while replaying the throw several times.
A video is shown of a first person view of someone exploring a large open field on the way to a track.
Then, the person puts the camera down and begins working out on the track.
The guys takes off his track suit and continues to work out.
He flips himself over in the air and lands on a pile of sand.
He proceeds to do some break dancing moves before the video ends.
A person steps on a tan mat several times.
They take their shoes off and put a different pair of shoes on.
They continue stepping on the mat in the new shoes.
They take those shoes off and walk away.
A woman demonstrates how to make a mixed drink in a bar at a bar countertop in front of a countertop filled with alcohol.
The woman begins by talking to the camera and pulling out a bottle of alcohol next to a mason jar prepped with a slice of lemon and mint in it.
The woman pours ice in the glass and a few shots of alcohol and then pours lemonade in the glass with a mint sprig and lemon wedge on the rim.
The woman takes a sip of the drink before the scene fades.
A person is turning on a machine and watching a hose grow bigger while he spins the dial.
He continues pressing buttons and begins grooming a dog.
The person goes up and down on the dog and eventually makes him look good as new with different settings.
A man in a red shirt is sitting at an exercise bike.
He is moving his legs on the pedals.
There are other bikes next to him.
A man with glasses playing an accordion and smiling.
The camera zooms in on his fingers going up and down the neck of the instrument.
The man continues to play his song and smiles to the camera while moving up and down.
A woman brushes her long hair at home.
The woman sits down on the sofa.
The woman gets up and turns away.
The person turns around walks out of view.
A man is seen kneeling onto a floor holding a bit of carpet and speaking to the camera.
He peels off the layers and begins rubbing down the carpet.
He pours liquid onto the carpet and pats it down with a paper towel.
Finally the person vacuums up the carpet and is seen standing next to the vacuum.
A team prepares to play a game called hurling.
Highlights of a game are shown and players are interviewed.
Teammates cheer from the sidelines.
Two women are standing on others' shoulders.
They lift another woman into the air, balancing her between them before dropping her to be caught.
However, the girls below are knocked to the ground.
A camera pans up to a man sitting and smoking a cigarette.
Another man walks over with a cart and begins digging through trash.
The man smoking cigarettes begins talking to the homeless man about how life sucks and how he can relate to the homeless man.
It is raining outside while a man is on a lawn mower mowing his lawn.
The camera focuses on water dripping down.
The man rearranges himself on the mower.
He continues to mow the lawn.
The camera focuses on the running water again.
It goes back to the man mowing.
Then switches back to the running water.
A middle aged female talks about a cleaning product.
The female opens a container of cleaner and puts it on a rag.
The female then uses the rag to rub the inside of the sink.
The same female then uses a different rag to rub the sink surface.
The female puts more cleaner on the rag and cleans the counter top.
A close up of a poker table is shown followed by the camera panning around to other tables in the area as well as people playing.
Several clips are shown of people sitting at tables gambling as well as laughing to the camera.
More pictures are shown of people at the casino as well as video of them wandering around the area.
A teenage boy and girl are sitting in s car smoking from a hose.
The girl and boy take turns blowing smoke rings.
A man is sitting in a kayak in the river while speaking to the camera about his trip.
He moves slowly in the water while giving instructions on how to properly move the kayak.
He begins paddling up the stream and showing what to do if you get stuck.
A man in a red shirt is talking to the camera.
He begins to hit a ball against a wall in front of him.
He stops and walks towards the camera.
A young man pulls a wheel out and shows the proper structure of a wheel.
He checks the current pressure for the tire and begins pumping air into the tire.
He shows the difference between good tread and bad tread as well as when to know when to replace your tires.
A small group of people are seen playing lacrosse on a field running up and down the field and pushing one another.
Several shots of players hitting one another is shown as well as players pushing other people.
One team scores several goals and are immediately followed by teammates cheering.
A woman looks through a large pile of clothing and begins throwing at the camera man.
She miles his direction while talking and irons some clothes on the table.
A man is showing playing guitar with a title screen shown on the left.
The man strums over and over again while gradually banging his head to the beat.
A woman is playing a classical song on the piano in a black and white film.
She begins to speed up the pace of the music she is playing.
The camera shows her playing the piano from overhead.
The audience applauds for the woman and the video ends.
A group of people are dancing around each other.
A girl moves around with a hula hoop doing various movements.
The People continuing dancing around her in various motions.
The girl spins her hula hoop around her head.
A man cuts into a piece of wood with an ax.
Then, his action is replayed in slow motion.
Next he takes a piece of the wood he cut an throws it into a pile.
A young man is standing on stage and eventually several other boys join in wearing kilts.
They stand in front of one drum and perform a routine using only drums.
The boys spin and flip their sticks constantly and continue performing their drumming routine.
One stands up and begins singing a song while the others join in.
They boys go back to playing the drums and finally finish by playing each other's drums and faster than other.
People interact in a circling ice arena.
A lady talks to a group of males.
A guy slips, falls on the ice arena, and laughs.
A man opens his mouth very wide to show his excitement.
A lady stops the circling stone with a broom.
The credits with two mini clips are shown.
A person is seen walking around a paintball course and leads into clips of people playing paintball and speaking to one another.
A man points to the camera and leads into more shots of people playing and working with one another.
A man cleans the snow with a self lifted shovel that has a rod to impulse up the shovel.
The man puts the shovel in the snow and it lifts and throws snow.
The man shovel heavy hardened snow from the ground effortlessly.
The person shows the shovel that has behind a weight lifter.
A young child is seen talking to the camera while wearing oven mits and holding a stick.
The boy then opens and oven door and pulls out a plate of cookies.
He uses the stick to push the rack back and closes the oven while waves to the camera.
A man stands lighting a stick with campers in the background and a fire blazing.
He sticks the cone into the fire and the end of the stick begins to catch fire.
There is some script shown on fear of singing on stage.
A woman in a green shirt is singing while doing the dishes in her kitchen sink.
She continues to wash the spoons and forks with a blue scrub and soap as she sings in a high pitch and tone.
She continues to wash a large knife and then places the wet utensils on a drying rack.
She washes some glasses and scrubs them thoroughly with the same sponge.
Then places the glass on the drying rack.
Several people are shown at a party playing different games and having fun.
A man begins to talk to one of the women as she is playing one of the games.
The game begins to get heated while several of the women laugh and joke around.
One of the women takes a picture of the laughing women playing the game.
A man helps as the women try to get the hang of playing the game.
Several player on horseback are playing cricket on a field.
All players ride their horses to one side of the field.
The ride around and around as the try to hit the cricket ball.
The ball is hit into the middle of the field away from all the players.
A man walks along a bare field while a woman walks around beside him.
He walks back and fourth preparing to jump and eventually jumps over a pole.
A girl claps for him and the same move is shown again in slow motion.
A girl swings her stick away at a pinata.
A group of people watch her from behind and cheer her on.
She continues to swing away at the pinata and the object moves back and fourth in the wind.
A middle aged woman wearing a headpiece speaks to the camera while stiring with a spoon.
She takes a couple sips from a cup while still speaking to the camera.
She does this one more time before turning the camera off.
A group of men are riding around on horses while carry large sticks and holding them into the air.
One man comes close to the camera man and near the crowd for a few moments.
The man on horses go back to the stable to await their return, and eventually go back out into the ring.
A young woman is seen holding onto a cat and smiling towards the camera.
The cat begins to fuss around and the woman continues to smile.
The woman then cuts the cats claws while the cat still moves around and she holds up the cat.
A group of people are shown riding on horses in the desert.
A man talks to the camera while riding the horse and giving various shots of the land.
He shows off the several other people on horses and continues talking about his adventure close up to the camera.
A woman is doing a dance routine on a stage.
She twirls and kicks her legs around.
She moves all around the stages and bends her body in numerous ways.
She continues shaking her body for the audience to see.
She shakes her hips back and fourth while moving her arms in various ways.
A leaf blower machine blows a large pile of leaves around a parking lot.
The machine continues moving through the lot and flowing the leaves into a large pile.
A person is walking around a tennis court.
Another man appears swinging around a tennis racket.
He bounces a tennis ball on the floor while the other man walks into frame.
They talk for a bit while walking around and preparing to play.
The man run back and fourth and hit the ball off the wall to each other.
A man bends on front a hedge holding an electric cutter.
The man cuts a long hedge of a garden using an electric cutter.
Then, the man removes leaves on top the hedge with his hand.
A bar of exercise equipment is shown in a living room.
The different details of the equipment are being shown.
The man holds on to the bar of the machine as he talks about it.
A male attaches a hollow stick on a bull whom chases him.
A guy messes with a bull.
A bull pushes a man down.
The audience claps while standing.
The bull is lured into a pen and the gates are close.
The male gives a thumbs up and smiles.
A male attaches two hollow sticks on a bull and runs off.
The bull tackles the male.
The male gets up and his face is bloody.
People help the male and carry him away.
The male leaves a black shoe behind.
People discuss in a circle.
The man nods his head.
People walk off the rodeo dirt and the man covers his nose.
An athlete wearing a white shirt and red shorts is running with a javelin in his hand in a stadium with several spectators.
There is a person seated on a white bench wearing a blue uniform, tying his shoelaces.
The javelin thrower runs and throws the javelin and falls to the ground.
He gets up and raises his hands up high in victory.
He comes running again and throws the javelin and falls to the ground.
The third time, his action is repeated in slow motion.
A woman in a red workout shirt is talking about the benefits of an elliptical cross trainer.
Another woman in a pink tank top is demonstrating the use of the elliptical.
The woman in red continues explaining the use of the elliptical.
Then a demonstration of how the legs must move on the elliptical is shown.
The woman in red further explains benefits of the workout with an elliptical.
The woman on the machine continues to show the viewers the correct way to exercising on the elliptical.
The host then concludes the tutorial.
A group of bike riders are awaiting to start a race, eventually all falling down when the gate open.
A close up shot of a bike is done while a man puts his gear on to ride.
One rider is shown riding around while another does various tricks.
Several different bikers are shown riding up and down tracks and flying through at record speeds.
A man is hanging on a rock wall and talking to the camera.
The man swings back and fourth and how to keep your balance when rock climbing.
He begins climbing up the wall and talking about keeping straight arms.
He continues climbing up the wall and where to position your feet and how to push.
He finally makes it to the top of the rock wall and faces the camera.
A man is spinning in circles and throwing a discuss for a competition.
The video slows down and shows the same throw but in slow motion.
Another man comes up to the plate and throws the discuss.
Again the video slows down and shows the same throw in slow motion.
A third player steps up and throws the discuss in slow motion.
Several other players step up and take their turn throwing the disk.
A person's hands are shown playing piano.
A close up of a trumpet shows a man playing.
The video fades to the people playing on stage.
The camera zooms in on the trumpet player.
A girl is shown playing piano.
The duo continue playing until the song ends.
A young girl has several people holding her eye open while another tries to put in a contact lens.
They cannot get the lens in at the eye at first and try over and over again.
They eventually succeed in getting the lens in but the girl stands up as thers laugh.
An intro starts and begins showing a group of people.
Various people perform a dance routine together with an instructor performing front and center.
The routine continues with the people and instructor moving around with their arms and legs doing various movements to music.
A young man is seen playing a single drum standing next to a group of people also drumming.
The boy continues drumming with the group and the camera pans around to people watching on the sides.
A group of kids are standing around wearing lifejackets as the camera pans around a lake.
A man is seen sitting in a boat and the camera continues panning around the area.
The kids wander into the boats and beginning paddling down the river.
The water becomes more furious and the kids splash the camera man playfully.
The continue riding down the treacherous waves as the camera watches them from afar.
A man is drinking a beer during a game while others look on and smile.
Several people are watching the match and the man drinking a beer looks at the camera and smiles.
A girl is sitting at the bottom of the stairs while trying to put her shoes on.
She looks off in the distance in a disgusted manor, at the same time appearing quite distracted.
She finishes by tying up her shoe laces and laughing to herself and the person filming her.
A camera records a shop with two people standing inside, eventually leading over to a group of people standing by docks.
A man walks down the docks while another holds a bucket and the camera pans to a woman talking.
The woman puts on a vest and goggles and walks down into a boat.
She talks to the camera while adjusting her goggles and is led over to the water wearing a tank.
She hops in the water with the man and climbs back into the boat talking to the camera.
Various shots are shown of horse saddles and various people riding these saddles on horses.
A girl wraps the rope around her saddle while others practice on placed saddles.
People ride around the saddles and show various caddie and how to ride them.
A tourist is being interviewed on riding experience but she watched other riding and felt confident.
A man speakers on his experience and various shots of the horses and wildlife are shown.
A group of skiers are riding down a hill.
They split their line and create multiple lines.
They split again to make 4 different lines.
The all being and finish at the same time.
A man dances in in a big room.
As he does the dance he explains how to do it.
A man is showing a boy trying to solve a rubix cube.
A timer is going to time the boy and other people around him are trying as well.
On lookers are going from table to table to watch.
A boy grabs a pen and the man solves the puzzle.
A person is seen bending down over a bucket filled with water and washing clothes in the bucket.
The boy continues washing when another person steps in to help wash the clothes and speak to the camera.
A man and women are talking to a camera and the girl demonstrates on how to properly hold a discuss.
Secondly she shows the proper stance of throwing the item and throws the discuss how into the air.
She demonstrates bending down and spinning with the disk and does one throw full out.
The man then tries to throw how the woman did and attempts to throw more and get better.
A person wearing a blue jacket and orange helmet is on an overturned raft in the water.
The raft completely overturns as he tries to make his way up.
Then the man straightens the raft and sits up straight in the raft.
A person named Chad wearing a black and gray jacket is standing next to a Christmas tree and giving a tutorial on how to decorate it.
He is holding a crystal star in his hands which he places on top of the tree.
Then he takes some Christmas lights lights and twirls it around the branches of the tree.
He takes a red garland and demonstrates how to wrap it around the tree.
He then takes some red and gold ornaments and shows how to place them on the tree.
He also takes a red ribbon and red berries to add to the tree.
He stands next to the fully decorated tree as he completes his tutorial.
Three men walk into a building.
They begin to play a game of curling.
People are shown enjoying themselves at the curling hall and the trophies are shown that have been won.
The men are shown in the locker preparing to curl.
The men are shown all together posing on the ice.
A young girl wearing a gray sweater with long red colored hair is brushing her hair.
She is using a silver paddle brush to remove the knots from her hair and de-tangle it as she brushes it through.
She suddenly begins to scream as she brushes her hair.
The white rabbit is in the cage.
The rabbit is cleaning its hands by licking it.
The rabbit cleaned his back and then wend down to the first floor of his cage.
We see two men on a city street and the title loads.
A man takes off his hood and talks to the camera.
We see men in roller blades fall then skate down a railing.
A person flashes a light at the camera.
A man falls on the railing.
A person falls at the bottom of the stairs and then the light is flashing again.
We see a man fall down the railing three times.
We see the men talk and shake hands before seeing the end screen.
A lady is blowing leaves off a roof.
the lady walks to the right then towards the top.
The camera pans down and we see a small boy on the ground below.
A person is seen throwing plaster onto a wall while the camera follows the person close behind.
The person gradually throws more and more onto the wall and the camera pans over the finished product.
A man shows up on the screen wearing a martial arts uniform showing people how to do a side kick.
He sways from side to side to show how to control your balance.
He lifts his knees, one after alternating from left to right to show how to begin the kick.
He continues to show how to finish the side kick with a follow through.
Then he demonstrates how to do the kick from several angles.
A young man wearing a white shirt and helmet and black pants is holding a skateboard in his hands as he walks.
He puts the skateboard down and begins skating on an asphalt road.
He flips the skateboard several times and goes on circles.
Two people walk past him as he continues to skateboard.
The man begins to speed up on his skateboard as he goes down the road.
He also skates past a lake on a long and winding road.
He skates past a field and mountains that are filled with greenery.
He tries various stunts and tricks on his skateboard.
He continues to skateboard through the roads.
He falls off the skateboard on the side of the road, but gets right back on it and skates away.
An older man passes a ball to a group of small kids and eventually kicks the ball.
The man runs as other kids run and runs all the way to home plate.
A woman runs in front of the base with the ball and the man trips over her.
He helps her up as they both.
A man steps to the side on a lawn and begins moving his arms and legs around.
He slowly moves his arms in various motions while stepping from side to side.
He moves his legs up and his arms continuously following until he finishes the performance.
We see an opening title screen.
We see two ladies dancing in a field.
We switch to ladies dancing around a bull in a rind.
We see the ladies stand next to each other.
We see the ladies on their knees in the field.
We see three ladies on the field.
We see two ladies dancing.
We see the closing screens.
Three athletes perform hammer throws at a professional sports event in front of an audience in bleachers and score keepers.
A man spins a hammer throw sports hammer around and around again at a professional sports event and then lets it go to fly into a field surrounded by an audience in bleachers.
The athlete walks away and looks disappointed as a scoreboard reveals the score.
Two more athletes perform the same sport in the same way both letting the hammer fly in the air.
A final scoreboard displays showing hammer throw scores.
A male gymnast hops up onto bars and begins performing a gymnastics routine.
He swings around the bars over and over again while the judges watch and critique.
The man eventually jumps off and the video fades away into an effect.
A woman is on her hands and knees cutting grass with some scissors.
The camera pans out to give a full view of her cutting the grass.
She makes a joke about the grass having split ends and bad roots.
The camera goes back to a close up of the grass and the video ends.
A close up is shown of a pool room.
A man and woman enter the room, grabbing cues.
They engage in a game of pool together, hitting the balls into the pockets.
A woman and a young girl swim in a pool.
The young girl holds on to the woman as she swims.
The young girl lets go and swims near the woman.
The young girl and the woman hold hands and swim to the surface of the pool.
The woman holds on to the girl.
There's a young man wearing a blue shirt and a black helmet skateboarding on a two way road.
He is going at a steady and fast speed as he passes through a few cars and lots of trees.
He also passes through some residential areas as he skateboards.
He finally slows down as cameraman approaches a gray car.
The cameraman gets into the car and takes the skateboard away.
The skateboarder is kneeling on the side of the main road.
He then gets up and walks away.
There are two people dressed in yellow shirts playing table tennis in a finished basement.
There are three people seated on sofas next to them watching soccer television.
Another person seated on the sofa is playing on his phone.
The two players continue playing table tennis.
The player on the right hits the ball which is opponent returns in a fast manner.
The ball falls off the table.
The person on the right runs to pick up the ball.
They continue playing and serving the ball.
A guy dressed in a black hoodie walks by.
One of the player pauses to adjust the table.
They continue playing table tennis as they talk to each other.
A spinning disc with circles of color are shown, panning out a a film reel and the words films of india.
A man is shown stretching before engaging in a tennis match in front of a crowd.
He then speaks to the crowd amongst flashing cameras through a microphone.
The man is occasionally shown playing tennis, then goes back to speaking to the group.
A man holding a violin is speaking to the camera with a young boy who is also holding a violin.
The boys talk back and fourth for a while and the man shows the boy how to properly play the violin.
The boy then does exactly what the instructor taught him while the instructor corrects his playing.
A man sporting a beard and mustache and wearing a white shirt is giving a tutorial on volleyball safety.
He then wears a black sweatshirt and demonstrates how to do stretching exercises.
He continues to explain what gear to wear while playing and warming up for volleyball.
There are some athletes playing volleyball as he talks.
There is a game of volleyball shown where players are in an indoor gym.
A talking man dressed in athletic gear is standing on a very green field and the words on the bottom left say his name is Neil Macmillan and his title is Head Coach.
A large group of girls dressed in athletic gear are shown playing land hockey, and the people not playing are dressed for cold weather.
Clips of the man continue to play and rotate from showing the man and the girls playing land hockey until they are done playing.
A man is shown solving a rubix rube at record speed while a timer is going and a man records him.
Another player at a younger age is shown solving the rubix cube as well as a third patron shortly after.
A woman walks forward talking to the camera and putting her hands on her hips.
A girl is shown playing field hockey and presents various clips of herself doing moves.
She later is talking to the camera about her experiences with the sport and who exactly she is and why other people love her.
A young boy and girl are standing over a sink with their mother talking.
The mother instructs them on how to brush their teeth while laughing.
The boy helps his younger sister brush his teeth.
She gets them some water to gargle in their mouths.
The boy and girl begin playing in the sink.
The woman laughs at the children dribbling water.
A person puts a garment in a pail, then he adds detergent and water.
Then, the man washes the cloth with his hand, and then pours water and rinse several times.
Next, the person carry the the garment to hang on a rope and dry.
A man is seen kneeling down in a picture followed by two men bending down towards one another.
They begin wrestling and one man pushes the other down and their clip is shown again.
A person is shaving their legs.
A polished hand gestures at the person shaving.
The person lows their head to see under their leg.
A glue stick is shown on a table.
A pair of scissors is on a table.
A person gets on a computer and prints something.
They stick that to their door.
A woman is on stage in front of a band.
She is a belly dancer, and gyrates and shakes to the music.
She dances slowly, dropping to the ground as she finishes.
man is holding a hammer fixing the roof of a garage.
man is standing in the rooftop adding a black mix.
An empty gymnasium is shown when a girl hits a button the computer and begins starting a routine.
She twirls around the gym floor with a baton and moves her arms around.
She kicks her legs continuously with her arms.
A boy is riding a long board down various road ways.
He does a flip trick riding down one of the road ways.
He winds back and fourth down the snowy road.
He skateboards at night and the logo is shown.
A soccer match is occurring on a field and a player is shown falling down.
The man is able to get up and the video shows the fall again in slow motion.
The players continue playing and one of them even scores a goal.
The goal is shown over and over in low motion to show the significance of the play.
The video that is shot horizontally shows several people windsurfing in the ocean on a sunny day.
One of the surfers is going at very high speed against the waves.
One surfer on an orange surf comes at top speed and loses control and falls into the water.
The surfer with blue sails manages to stay on board as he surfs in the ocean.
A man writing on the wall.
Switches to a product being featured.
The man writes on the wall again.
He begins to apply product.
Switches to the product again.
He writes on the wall.
He begins to lay out tools.
Next he measures and levels the wall.
He takes out the product and begins placing a coat on the crack in the wall.
He then takes a roller and rolls it along the wall.
Next he hangs and apply s a white sheet to the wall.
He repeats the process in the different sections of the wall that need it.
Now He writes on the wall again.
Next a dog jumps in front of a wall.
He writes again on the wall.
Lettering appears on the screen for the product.
A man is sitting in the water holding a rope.
He gets up and starts wake boarding.
He falls back into the water.
Two ballroom dances are shown performing a routine in a large auditorium.
The couple spin multiple times while the audience cheers them on loudly.
They continue performing their dance routine and several people on look using phones and cameras.
The couple does one last spin and eventually takes a bow.
Kids are riding bicycles around a dirt track.
One of them tips over and falls.
They continue to go around the track.
Another person crashes and falls.
A woman is outside wind blowing a little bit through her hair, the view is outstanding.
There is ia group of runners starting a marathon taking their time.
It was scenic and beautiful out there, flowers blossoming and everything.
A few of the runners talk about their experience to reporters.
A boy spins around a gym with a tennis racket and pushes a ball around to another boy.
The boys run back and fourth bouncing balls against a wall with their hands and a tennis racket.
They slide around the floor pushing the ball and continue hitting the ball back and fourth across the gym.
A boy sitting on a bunk bed.
Another boy approaches as he wraps his legs around his neck.
The second boy spins him around and slams him to the ground.
A small group of people are seen skating around the ice playing a game of hockey against one another.
One member scores as the camera pans around them and a man watching.
Two men are sitting at a picnic table getting ready to arm wrestle.
Various people are watching from the sides and the men begin to arm wrestle.
A man is interviewed by the cameraman and shows off his biceps to the camera.
Two men continue talking to the camera and eventually begin arm wrestling again.
They play various matches of arm wrestling and interview a woman onlooker who also wants to arm wrestle.
The man lets her win their arm wrestling match and the girl seems giddy.
A pair of white and red nike shoes are shown.
A man is using inserts to prepare the shoes.
He then uses a brush and cleaning solution to wash the shoes.
There are two men playing table tennis in an indoor stadium.
One of the players is wearing blue and the other player is in a red shirt.
There is a person dressed in a black shirt seated near the players.
There are several spectators seated in the stadium.
They continue playing a rally for some time.
The player in the red shirt misses the ball and gives his opponent a winning point.
The player in blue cheers loudly after his winning point and breaks into a dance.
He continues dancing and goes towards his opponent to mock him.
He then goes back to the table tennis table.
The man dressed on black shows the score.
A woman on roller blades moves backwards, falls on the grass and laughs.
A friend is talking with the fallen woman as she tries to get up.
A friend talks to her while holding the camera and offers her a hand to get up.
Two women hold hand and start rollerblading, while the girl in the red shirt learns how.
The girl in the red shirt falls and they all laugh.
A page with a video structured to look similar to Youtube is shown.
A seated woman talks to the camera, interspersed by scenes of individuals shown welding.
A man talks to the camera.
The Youtube lookalike page with a video is shown again.
The camera zooms in on a baby cow with various title pages shown across the screen.
A group of men run around a calf while others hold him down.
A drunk man attempts to interact with a bull and is flipped into the air.
Several men drag him out while a tourist attempts to draw the bull in.
The bull nearly grabs him but the boy makes it on the fence and throws the red blanket on the bull.
Two girls stand between a girl in a hair salon stool and begin brushing her and parting her hair.
One woman braids her hair continuously to eventually create a french braid.
Both women stand talking to the camera while presenting the braid just made.
A person water ski in the water holding a rope attached to a boat in the river.
The person pass on front a boat in the river while waterskiing.
Then, the person gives a thumb up while performing waterskii, after the person continues waterskiing.
Then, the surfboard floats on front a metal structure.
We see a man talking while walking through a house.
We see another man working on the floor.
We see a man laying tile in another room.
Two men are in the same room working on different projects.
We see the man talking to the camera again.
A woman smoking a cigarette speaks to another about how much they need smoking.
They continue talking about their smoking habit and what they can do to continue smoking if they please.
A young man stands in a dark room holding two maraca's and speaking to the camera.
Another man walks in scolding him and then eventually take off their shirts.
They walk to the bathroom and rub shaving cream all over their legs.
They begin shaving their legs and hold up a razor smiling at the camera.
There are two men playing ping pong in a basement.
One of the players is wearing a black shirt and the other is a blue shirt.
There is a mattress leaning against the basement wall.
The players continue playing a smooth rally.
Then the person in black misses the shot.
They continue playing ping pong for a few more rounds.
The person in blue hits the ball in the net.
They continue playing more till the person in blue drops the ball on the ground.
A picture of a coffee cup is shown as well as a spoon to relaxing music.
Various title screens are shown and eventually the same picture of the coffee cup appears while soft music plays in the background.
A young adult male punches and kicks a suspended punching bag.
The young male then starts to move around the punching bag while still punching and kicking it.
The young male then walks away while removing his gloves.
A small group of people are seen moving around a gym kicking a ball around.
The boys yell to one another with their hands up and continue walking around the gym.
A playground is shown and a back yard as the camera pans over to a window on a roof.
The video shows various pictures on how to fix a roof and the man pans over the window again with material.
He places various objects around the window and shows more pictures of the roof with the finished product.
An ad for Beckon Call services appears.
A man is standing in a backyard speaking.
He picks up several window screens while he talks about them.
He adds them to the stack and walks away.
A man is seen standing in a large field and leads into him moving his arms and legs around the area.
The man continues moving around the area moving his hands up and down and looking off into the distance.
A camera zooms in on a weight with a person standing nearby.
A woman is then standing with weights in her hands and doing lunges.
A second woman comes in as well as a man doing various weight lifting moves.
We see blinds down on a window.
A person is laying in a tattoo parlor being tattooed.
We back up and see the tattoo artist.
The lady looks in her phone and smiles at the camera.
We pan down and see the tattoo artist work.
Skiers ride up a ski lift.
A man in yellow skis down a slope.
Several tricks are done by skiers.
They jump over several ramps.
A ballerina is shown in class warming up her feet and walking away crying.
Various actors talk to the camera about filming a movie about ballet and the moves they learned.
The ballerinas are moving around the set while the camera is rolling.
The actors continue talking about tricks and what they learned.
A man plays the violin while the final scene is filmed and everyone is dancing.
A person is shown looking around a city and begins washing windows with his tools.
He goes up and down the windows at a rapid pace and continues filming himself through the glass.
He finishes the glass in record time and turns off the camera.
women are playing voleyball in a wooden court.
peolpe are siting in chairs around the court watching the girls.
referees are standing on sides of the court holding flags and watching the game no stairs.
A camera pans around a shop and pans back to a girl talking.
She points to her face multiple times and gives a little tour of her room.
She continues talking to the camera and eventually shows footage of her getting her nose pierced.
She apears back in the room with the pierced nose and shows off a drink and sushi.
Finally she shows a book as well as a bag with white powder and herself in a pony tail.
A large track is shown with several people riding down on tubes at once.
A man records a close up of a tube and pushing it into a woman standing in the snow.
She begins talking on her phone and the same clip is shown again in slow motion.
A Shih Tzu dog is standing on a table being groomed by an elderly Asian woman.
Once she is done with the top,the lady the grabs the dog front left paw and takes a pair of scissors and begins trimming underneath his body.
Once the belly is done,the goes to the top of the dogs head and cuts the hair around the face and clips the rest of the hair behind him.
The next step consist of her trimming the hair under the dog's mouth.
A woman is holding a black cat snuggled in a purple blanket.
The cat is meowing as the woman holds her paws.
there's another man with nail clippers, slipping the cat's nails.
The cat meows loudly in pain and the woman kisses the cat to calm her down.
The man continues to clip the cat's nails as the woman cajoles the cat and kisses the cat's ears.
The man continues clipping the nails until he's done.
A large group of people are sitting on horses near gated areas.
The people are looking around in amazement as one horse riding catches a calf almost instantly.
The man ropes of the calf and the crowd cheers him on as the announcer gives him his time.
A woman brushes her hair with her hand.
The woman combs her hair with a comb.
The combing is shown in slow motion.
A group of people are riding in various canoes down a river.
A man shoots a flame up into the air followed by several others as well.
The camera pans around the group of people dressed as pirates and in other various costumes.
A woman and a man are inside a car talking, then the man turn his head.
A young lady wash a car only wearing a bra and shorts, then she sprinkle water on her head a turn it.
After, the man turns to see the angry woman and scream.
A man stands on a field.
The crowd in the stadium cheers on.
Players on the field prepare to start a game.
The pitcher pitches the ball.
The batter tries to hit the ball but misses.
The pitchers team excitedly exits the field.
A woman is seen blow drying her hair while using a comb in various fashions and using different products.
The woman continues to use the blow dryer on her hair and ends by showing off her finished hair.
A man wearing gloves is on his hands and knees using a power tool that is creating sparks.
He continues using the object as the camera man watches and finishes burning the object.
A family is seen sitting on the beach making sand castles with a object.
People stand around to watch them work and the camera pans around the kids playing in the sand.
A girl names Ashley dressed in all purple walks up slowly, then it turns to nature view of dirt and flowers.
Ashley comes out getting dressed in her motor cross gear and slowly walks her bike out.
She goes out and starts riding through the dirt, catching some air really high after hitting little mountain hills.
She speaks in sign language with another rider for a little but before returning toe the dirt to ride some more.
An athletic man is swimming around on a paddle board while another man gets behind and assists him.
He then flips the man forward and the man demonstrates how to flip yourself back over.
They do this several more times to become more comfortable with the move.
A man is reaching into water and washing his face.
A woman is working on the otherside of the water.
The man splashes the worker with water.
A woman looks on and laughs at the man.
A teenage boy wearing a white shirt and black track pants is shooting hoops in an outdoor basketball court.
There are a few cones arranged around the court.
The boy continues running, dribbling and shooting hoops with the basketball.
He hits a shot and makes a basket and then stops playing.
A video tutorial plays with a woman talking in the background about how to brush your teeth.
She lists out the tools you need and steps to brush.
A man opens a bottle and puts toothpaste on it.
He begins brushing his teeth following the woman's instructions.
The man rinses his mouth out with water and smiles with the woman's voice.
We see a Gelato store outside.
We see a title screen for a cake.
We then see a lady cooking.
The lady puts gelato in a bowl.
The lady puts rice crispies on it.
The lady puts a dome in a chocolate dome and puts a crispies circle on it.
The lady  puts holes in a chocolate dome.
The lady sprays the domes.
The lady puts the red dome on top of a black one and put the dome with holes on top of it.
The lady puts the cake in a display case.
We see the closing screen.
An intro comes onto the screen introducing the video clip.
Two people are shown frolicking around in the lake.
After that, they take off in motion in the water connected by a cord to a speed boat.
The video ends when they both fall int the water.
A man is playing soccer with another across a field.
He performs a quick turn around move with the other following close behind.
The same clip is replayed over and over at slower speeds to better understand the trick.
Another trick is performed and later shown in slow motion.
Two more tricks are demonstrated by the duo and finally showed at a slowed down pace.
A woman blindfolded in a yard and swinging away at a pinata being moved around.
Several people around her are watches and can't help but laugh.
The woman is laughing as well and finally hits the pinata for the children to grab.
The video opens up with an intro segment for a BMX race.
The racers are shown at the gate getting ready for the race.
Several racers are introduced with their names shown on the screen.
The race starts and the racers race around the track.
A woman wearing a pink and white shirt and black tights is standing in her front yard.
She is holding two batons in her and twirling them.
She twirls her body and turns around several times as she twirls the batons in both her hands.
She also moves her foot back and forth and walks and lifts her foot as she twirls.
She then throws the baton from underneath her leg and catches it with her other hand.
she continues twirling the baton near a shady tree.
she turns her entire body around as she twirls the batons.
She finally bows down and holds the baton straight in her hand.
A line of people pick up a rope.
They begin playing a game of tug of war.
One side falls over and the crowd cheers.
A person is blowing leaves in the back of their yard.
The kid is having some trouble but is generally doing an ok job.
A man and a woman are dancing on a concrete ground at night under a street light.
Both the man and the woman are wearing a black tank top and black shorts along with black shoes.
They are dancing in a synchronized manner by following choreographed dance steps to a song.
They move their hands as they lift their right leg up high while dancing.
Then they shake their hips and their heads they lip sync to the song.
when the music gets faster, they move their hands in a circular motion.
They also lift their knees up high while shaking their bodies.
They repeat the steps every time the chorus of the song plays.
They lift their knees up high alternating between the two legs.
They continue to dance as they hold up the palms of their hands straight up and move their hips.
They repeat the steps as the chorus of the song repeats.
Finally after the song ends, they both stand still with their hands on their hips.
An athletic woman is stretching with a ball and swinging her legs back and fourth.
She throws the ball and again prepares for another throw.
She spins around throwing the ball yet again with a third throw followed shortly after.
She performs one last throw and spins herself around once again.
boy is standing in front of a door talking with other boys in front of a kitchen.
man walks to the living room in front of a ping pong table.
man are putting the shoes, grabs a skateboard and is skateboarding by a sidewalk with her friends.
man is hanging from lianas on a tree on a park.
A group of girls are shown standing around a field huddled up together.
The next shots are of the girls running around the field passing the ball back and fourth.
A girl shoots the ball into the goal and achieves a point.
Another later tries to shoot a goal but is blocked by the goalie.
A small boy wearing a blue and yellow hoodie and gray sweat pants in standing in an outdoor tennis court.
He is holding a blue racket as he bounces the yellow and orange tennis ball on the court.
He starts with his first serve where the ball hits the net.
Then he takes another ball, bounces it and serves again.
The ball goes over the net and falls on the other side of the court.
He gets another ball for the third time and drops it off his hands while trying to serve.
Two men are walking down planks with one rolling out paper and putting tape across.
Other men lay down a green sheet of paper and continue taping down the paper.
One last set of paper is laid across with tape and the men continue working.
A dealer is shown laying out cards on a table while other people's hands are shown on the side.
The person then lays out cards while another person lays out their chips.
An athlete stands eagerly awaiting his turn while the judges prepare for his routine.
A foreign commentator comments on his routine while he flips himself through the air.
The man continues twirling and flipping on the bars for his gymnastic routine while audience members cheer loudly.
The video slows down and shows the highlights of the routine in slow motion.
The athlete rests on the couch while the judges finish their critiques.
Eventually the man hears his score and smiles pleasingly.
Two boys at a young age are playing fooseball with each other.
One grab the ball and puts it back into play.
The boys continue to play the game back and fourth on the tabs.
A woman wearing light blue tank top and black shorts is exercising on an elliptical.
She continues walking on the elliptical as she moves her hands forward and backwards.
She then finishes her exercise routine, gets off the equipment and takes a drink of water from a blue water bottle.
She walks away holding the bottle in her hand.
A person wearing a vest has several buckets on the street he is drumming with.
Many people are standing around in amazement watching this man play, while some are recording with a camera.
The man continues drumming faster and the crowd continues to cheer him on.
Many people walk past and don't seem to notice the drummer.
people are playing futsal in a roofed gym.
referee is watching the game running side to side.
A person is shown swimming through a pool while others swim around her.
The people pass a ball around in the water while another team of players play int eh background.
We see a babies and kids playing.
Kids walk on silts in circles.
The kids walk in lines on their stilts.
