The playing continues until he puts down the drum sticks and looks at the camera with a shocked look.
The video ends with the man getting up to turn off the camera.
A female Caucasian is sitting in a chair spinning around showing off her long blonde hair style,it is pinned to the right and has curls in the bottom.
On the next screen,a woman begins grabbing the bottom and rolling it from the bottom up to about three inches and seals it with a piece of foil.
Once the hair is folded up in a the foil,the lady takes a flat iron and runs it over the foil.
As the next scene comes,the lady is pictured with eight foiled curls in her head that are sealed with long hair pins.
The next step is to then remove the pins  followed by the foil and release the curls.
Finally,the style is completed and she is spun around once more to show the finished product.
A close up of a person's nails are shown followed by a person filing the nails of another.
Several products are shown close up as well as a person's nails being painted and put under heat.
The person continues painting the nails and puts on a gem in the end.
Two people play foosball with a woman behind.
One person scores and claps.
A group of women play  field hockey on an outdoor field covered in grass .
The women run after a white ball on the field while holding hockey sticks.
The red team and blue team continue to play field hockey while a referee watches on and a guard guards the goal.
We see a clearing in the woods.
We zoom in on a buck walking in the woods.
The buck stops and looks left, then right.
The buck is drinking from a puddle the runs off startled.
The buck stands in the clearing.
A man is working with a bow while another films the animal.
The hunter shoots the animal with a bow and it dies slowly.
The hunter is photographed with the dead animal.
A man is sitting inside on a chair inhaling from a pipe that looked like it was an oboe.
He takes the hose out of his mouth and start to exhale forming O's in the air.
He starts to blow his smoke in a container and makes some really cool circles i have never seen anything like it.
It's pretty cool how he is forming the o's, just relaxing and enjoy simple fun.
A group of women are standing around as one of them is on a camel .
The camel lifts up an the trainers and other friends stare on.
They seem to be having a great time as the camera pulls back to show them all.
They move ahead with the camel very slowly an the lady riding it waves.
The video then cuts, showing the camel come to a stop before dropping down to the ground to let the woman off.
She pets it and the video ends.
A large man is seen stepping up into a circle and throws several shot puts off into the distance.
Several more men are seen stepping up to the circle throwing a shot put off into the distance.
People in the audience are seen cheering to one another as their scores are shown in the end.
A man is seen speaking to he camera and leads into clip of his truck driving and people riding behind.
A man speaks to the ground with a stick as they wander around a deserted area and showing off various plants and wildlife in the area.
He puts white clothing all over his body and several others and leads into the people riding camels with others leading in front.
A person is standing behind a counter putting food onto a tray.
They put the tray into an oven.
They take the tray out of the oven and lift cookies onto a plate.
They wash off the mat in the sink.
Two people are working out on exercise bikes.
The one wearing a blue wig puts their hands in the air.
People are in front of them also on exercise bikes.
A lacrosse team goes to play a game.
other highlights are shown.
Several person are seen riding down a hill on roller blades while a person on a police bike rides in front.
At one point several people fall and trip over one another but keep riding their blades on.
A woman starts braiding her hair.
Directions come up on the side of the screen.
The woman turns to the side to show her braid.
A person is seen wearing gear and wandering around a grassy area.
The man uses a tool to cut along the grass.
He continues moving along the grass and showing off the tool in the end.
A montage of a priest is giving communion to people.
Jesus and Mother Teresa are shown as a montage continues.
A man fills a hookah with water and sets it on a table.
He puts tobacco in a device and covers it with tin foil.
He pokes a hole in the top of the tin foil several times.
He puts that onto the top of the hookah.
He takes a smoke off the hookah and blows the smoke.
We see a bike tire and a man interviews BMX bike riders.
We see the riders names and countries.
The men wait then take off riding around the track.
A man falls off his bike and the bike slides.
Another man falls off his bike and is almost run over.
The man interviews two men after the race and the screen goes green.
A baby eats bread in a high chair.
A person puts something in the baby's eyes.
A person messes with the baby's hair.
A man replaces a tire on his bike rim using tools.
The man reattaches the bicycle wheel to the frame of the bike.
The sun goes down as the day gets later.
The man stands up his bike and gets ready to depart.
A man is talking inside a pool gym.
A view is shown under the water, then it cuts back to him talking.
A woman is seen sitting in a doctor's office with a doctor speaking to her and the camera.
The doctor then holds an object up to the girl's lip.
Finally the man pierces the girls lip and smiles down to her.
A woman is seen standing in front of mirror with a man beside her followed by her laying on a table.
The man then quickly tattoos her face and transitions into her sitting up then back down again to show off her tattoo.
A group of children play and practice basketball throws and techniques in an interior gym in front of coaches and other children.
A group of children take turns throwing orange and white balls in the net and running up to the net as well.
The coaches trail them as they play, at time, trying to block the throws using the hands.
A large group of people are seen exercising in a class together with a man leading them in front.
The group continues to move around together over a bar and ends with text across the screen.
There's a man in a white shirt standing in an open field doing a tutorial for Expert Village on how to play lacrosse.
He is holding a lacrosse stick in his hands as he explains the techniques of the game.
He makes hand gestures to demonstrate the correct method of holding the lacrosse stick for effective playing technique.
A person does a routine on parallel bars.
He does his routine and then dismounts.
A girl is seen jumping items into water and scrubbing a pan with a brush.
She continues speaking to the camera as well as into the pan and demonstrating how to properly clean a pan.
We see a man and the intro scene.
A man in a kitchen has knifes and a sharpening block.
The man wets the block and runs a knife across two different blocks.
The man grabs a pole and sharpens the knife on it.
The man wipes the knife on a towel.
The man grabs and removes a lemon.
The man shows us an upside down pot.
A man holds a yellow canister as he clears a wood board.
He sprays the wood with the yellow canister.
He takes a rag and cleans the wood.
He speaks as he showcases the wood and presses his fingers on the board.
We see the underwater sea floor.
Two people swim in front of the camera.
We see a man holding a camera.
We see a fin enter the camera.
The camera is spinning wildly.
Bubbles rise out of a tube.
A man hands another person the mouthpiece.
Slow motion shows of people riding horses over jumps are shown that lead into a woman speaking to the camera with a horse behind her.
The woman then wears a glove and brushes the horse all over while the capture captures her movements and the horse.
She brushes the back of it's tail and finishes around it's belly.
A person repairs a bike chain and installs the chain on a bike interspersed with an image of a woman talking.
A woman looks into a camera and smiles while talking before the scene cuts away to a pair of hands working on a bike chain.
A pair of hands work on a bike chain with tools and bolts.
The hands install the chain on a blue bike on a dirt ground surface.
The man in blue shirt with cap is hitting the thick rope.
The man get on the rope and the crowd applauded.
The man in blue shirt started to bounced on the rope doing some tricks like sitting on the rope, bouncing on his chest, cartwheel and walking on the rope.
A woman is kneeling down on the ground next to a desk.
She starts painting the desk white with a paint brush.
She then starts painting two of the drawers orange.
A little girl wearing a pink blouse sits on a bed squinting her eyes.
The little girl then puts on purple lipstick on her lips.
The little girl continues putting on lipstick while speaking to the camera man about putting on makeup.
A bull in a ring starts chasing two men.
Several others run onto the ring, and the bull flips as they grab his horns and tail.
They open the gate, but fail to get the bull back inside as he charges them.
A male toddler is sitting on the floor near a female toddler and they are playing miniature floor foosball.
The young male takes his hand and reaches inside to grab the soccer ball.
As they keep playing, a set of feet appear and hold down the end of the board.
Once they are removed,the two kids continue playing the game and moving the handles on the bars.
The camera then zooms in on the boy and then the girl expressing their emotions.
Each of them continues to play and adjust their body position as they become more focused.
A goal is finally made and the girl goes into the goal and picks the ball out.
A man runs with a pole and a jumps high, then people jumps several times.
Two men are boxing, then people gather, men parachute and a man dive in the water.
People dressed with military clothes, then they are doing other activities.
People practice pole vault, climbing and other activities.
People are in a large yellow raft going down a water fall.
A man in a boat is going down the river.
Several pictures of rafters are displayed on the screen.
Rafters are going down a rough hill and hitting the rocks.
A man is wearing an apron and standing in his kitchen.
Several food items in bowls are shown.
A white bowl is filled with sugar, eggs, and peanut butter, then blended.
He presses balls of cookie dough onto a pan and bakes them.
He eats one of the cookies for the camera while he talks about them.
A lady sits in a tub and rubs her legs with water while wearing an exfoliater glove.
The camera zooms out and we see it's a set with camera equipment around.
The lady then shaves her legs with an electric shaver.
We see the lady smile and continue to shave her legs.
A woman is sitting and talking in front of a laptop.
She gets up in front of a room of family members.
She dances, showing several moves to the people as she shimmies across the room.
Cars are driving on a road.
People are snowboarding down a hill of snow.
People get back into their car and put the snowboard on top of the car.
People are pulled up a hill on a tug rope sitting on inter tubes.
A family pulls their inter tubes along by hand and the top of the hill.
A person sits in an inter tube at the top of a hill then rides down the slope laughing.
The family straps together the inter tubes in a circular grouping with the kids sitting in them.
The family rides in a large grouping of inter tubes down a snowy slope.
A cat is laying on its back in someone's lap.
The person starts clipping the cats nails with a nail clipper.
They finish and pet the cat's foot.
A gymnast stands nervously awaiting her start.
The crowd in the arena watches her.
She climbs up to a bar and performs various flips, cartwheels, as well as doing the splits mid air.
She jumps off the bar and lands on a blue mat.
A woman talks to the camera while bathing a baby in the bathtub.
The woman demonstrates a small scrubbing pad to the camera.
The woman uses the pad on the baby.
Two  dancers dance in the center of the floor where there aren't many people watching.
They're both wearing black decor and they're turning the batons in many different ways and music is playing.
Many people are cheering, some are standing and others are sitting.
A man wearing a yellow shirt and a man wearing a black shirt play racket ball.
The man in black serves the ball.
The man in yellow serves the ball.
The man in yellow serves the ball again.
The man in yellow plays alone while the man in black stands by.
A hand covers the camera lens.
A man is seen kneeling on a mat and demonstrating how to do a proper exercise but moving his arms and legs.
The man moves back and fourth while moving his arms and legs and speaking to the camera.
A set of instructions are shown transitioning back and fourth between a man laying down carpet on a set of stairs.
The text continues showing while the man lays out paper all down the stairs.
A polo match is being held outdoors in a field.
A player on a horse hits the ball.
A wide shot of the polo field action is shown.
An ad for Vidal Sassoon appears.
We then see their curling iron and hot roller set.
A demonstration is shown for how to set and use the hot rollers and iron on a woman's hair.
Her hair is shown in pretty curls all around her head.
A young boy swings at a pinata without getting a good hit on it.
The boy dodges the pinata that is swinging at him.
The boy gives up and walks away.
A man ball rolls across a baseball field and a small boy in a green shirt kicks the ball and runs around the bases.
The boy stops and looks at the camera then starts running again.
A person runs in front of the camera.
The boy makes it to home as a lady chases a ball to the fence.
An intro screen appears that include a logo and the words "Expert Village Presents".
A woman is now sitting and talking while holding a clarinet.
The woman then puts the clarinet to her mouth and begins playing for a few seconds.
The woman stops playing and resumes talking and using a lot of hand motioning, then resumes playing.
The woman once again stops playing and begins talking while using her hands a lot and holding it in front of her face and etc.
The woman begins playing once more until the outro of a white screen appears and it include a logo, and information for:copyright, rights and website.
We see waterski and the side of a boat.
We see a boy standing on a dock, people gas their boat then board.
We see two boys playing.
We see a person water skiing on a lake.
We see the cars in the parking lot near the lake and a dog sniffs the camera.
We see a shop then a person paddling on a kayak.
A person jumps into the water and we see the water skier again.
A boy on a trampoline in a shop, people on a raft and a boy jumps in the water.
We see a boy on a toy bike, the water skier falls.
A person on skis jumps a ramp.
A woman is sitting on a chair.
She gets a dermal piercing in her cheek.
The girl shows the piercing and smiles.
A basketball court is shown outdoors.
A man runs up, and does several consecutive lay ups.
He makes a few baskets, then tries again and again.
Some kids run by, waving at the camera.
A man is shown flipping a violin in his hands, playing a popular song on his violin.
The camera shows the violinist from various angles playing the popular song and not breaking concentration.
The camera pans all around the player and shows him playing the complete song.
A woman is lifting and squatting inside a gym with a barbell on her shoulders.
She lifts then sits over and over again.
A girl is sitting and smoking cigarettes.
Johnny cash is playing in the background and she has a drink in her hand.
She stares into the camera while taking puffs on her cigarette.
She fixes her hair a bit while looking into the camera.
She smiles into the camera and leans closer.
A wrestler is in the middle of the ring waiting for his opponent.
Once he comes in they grab a hold of a rope and begin to play tug of war with it, pulling each other.
They struggle trying to beat the other when finally the red head wrestler makes the other fall.
He gloats, jumping up and down and banging his hands against his chest.
A man water ski on front a glacier.
The man watch a seal and a whale in the cold water.
The man water ski in the water holding a rope pulled by a boat.
The man bends to pass a glacier, then he pass over an iceberg.
A whale swim in the ocean.
After, the man passes over an iceberg and spins, then snowboard over a big iceberg.
The man slide from an iceberg and falls in the water, and people stand to watch an iceberg falls.
men are at sides of table playing beerpong.
a man is sitting in a chair next to the table watching the men while are playing.
the men are Accommodating the cups on the table.
A little girl is on a swing set next to her baby brother.
They are being pushed as they swing back and forth.
A woman is shown talking to the camera with her hands and the camera pointing to a building.
She stands in front of the building doing a several little dances and continues this in front of several buildings and locations.
A baby is sitting at a tiny table outside.
He is smoking a cigarette and waving at adults.
He high fives a woman, then continues to smoke.
A group of tall trees is surrounded by water.
We see the vast ocean water around us.
We then see several people as they relax on a boat.
A lady wipes lipstick off her face.
The lady then lines her lips with a pencil.
The lady stops and adjusts the camera.
the camera move and we see a man next to the lady.
the lady fixes her hair in the camera.
Three people are seen flying a kite in a field and text appears on the screen.
A scary girl appears then leads into pictures of kids flying kites.
The title appears and fades out.
We see a man pulling weight close to his head.
Three men pass by in the mirror.
The camera zooms in on the main subject.
A man in gray walks past in the mirror.
The screen goes black and we see the end credits.
A close up of fruit is seen sitting on a plate when a person's hand places them into a container.
The person then pushes the fruit around the bowl with a spoon over and over again.
The person drops the spoon in the mixture and ends with text across the screen.
A person is seen holding a tennis racket on a field and hits the ball across the field.
He then smiles and walks to the camera while pointing into the distance and fist bumping.
A man wearing an earring looks to the side.
He is shown holding up a bow and arrow, aiming, then shooting at his target.
The scene is repeated several times.
A man swings a baseball bat.
He hits a ball and it goes onto a roof.
A man is running and throwing a ball.
A man is playing an accordian while staring occasionally into the camera.
The man changes his finger tips constantly and looks off into the distance while playing.
The man continues his song and eventually finishes by smiling into the camera.
A close up of a house is seen when a person walks into frame.
The person is seen grabbing lawn mower and pulling it to the side.
The person then pushes the lawn mower all around the house.
A small child is seen sitting in a tube while others stand around him.
The boy then begins riding down a snowy hill in the tube.
The boy continues to ride until he reaches the bottom.
We see an opening title screen.
We see a chef at an omelette bar making multiple omelets at the same time.
We see the man pour more egg into the pans.
The man sprinkles seasonings on the omelets.
The man pours the omelettes on plates.
We then see the ending screen.
We see photos of the chef.
A woman performs a dance routine with a hoop on a stage.
The woman performs the routine with two hoops.
The woman returns to performing with one hoop.
A woman stands on front a table with baby products, then the woman rolls up diapers and puts around a circular container with a ribbon.
After, the woman puts diapers around a folded towel with a ribbon.
Next, the woman fills the circular container with baby products and put on top the towel, a plush and a bottle.
A woman is seen speaking to a camera and leads into herself with wet hair and brushing it through.
Her hair is snow dry and she puts clips into her hair and begins curling.
She continues curling the ends of her hair and runs her fingers through in the end and smiles at the camera while giving a thumbs up.
An elderly woman lays on down against a brown pillow.
She holds a harmonica to her mouth and plays it.
The light in the room brightens.
She finishes playing and laughs.
A large group of people are in an area walking, talking and hanging out.
Two men with a referee in the middle appear on a stage and they are in an intense arm wrestling match.
The man without a hat wins the match and is briefly interviewed where he's smiling and talking.
Another match between two men begins and ones again the same man that won the first match wins again.
He holds his right arm up flexing it while smiling and his name Allen Fisher pops up on the screen and a black screen with the words 25 Time World Champion ends the video.
A man and a woman decorate a Christmas tree from decorations around the room in sped-up video.
A dog walks through the camera frame.
The man leaves the camera frame.
The man returns to decorating wearing a Santa hat.
The man stands on a chair to put a decoration at the top of the tree.
The completed tree is shown by itself.
A small child is seen looking up at the camera holding a coffee cup.
The girl takes a drink out of the cup and puts it back down.
She continues drinking out of the container and looks up to the camera.
A group of people have gathered on a stage.
The audience claps for the performers.
They shake hands and hug as credits roll.
A man walks into a room playing his bagpipes.
He stops playing his bagpipes.
A person watches another person using a leaf blower in a yard from an elevated window.
A person in dark clothing blows leaves on a piece of property in front of two open garage doors.
Another person moves with the camera as they watch from a window in an elevated room against a white window sill.
The person blowing the leaves moves around the yard and continues to do lawn maintenance.
A man stands next to a small roof.
He holds out a piece of metal.
He places metal along side the roof.
He attaches the pieces securely.
A woman is talking to the camera surrounded by alcohol bottles.
The woman begins pouring different alcohols and lemon juice into a glass of ice.
The woman shakes the drink mixture and strains it into another glass.
The woman puts a small straw into the drink and holds it up and smiles.
a woman wearing butterflies wings costume playing beerpong.
a woman is wearing a catty costume is standing behind the table.
woman is sitting in front of the table and dance when the woman fails the ball.
A man is seen using a large sander against a wall moving the machinery all along the wall.
The man continues sanding the wall and ends with him keeping it steady.
A woman is seen standing in front of the camera holding onto fire.
Another woman steps beside the first and the two begin performing a fire routine with one another.
A man hands them objects to light and the woman continue dancing and spinning around with the fire.
A woman walks into the kitchen and turns the knobs on the oven.
A blender is then put on the counter and the lever is pulled down followed by a tea bag being placed in a cup.
The lady then moves to a counter and adds a piece of baking paper over two large racks.
She then grabs the boiling hot water and pours it into the mug.
She returns back to the counter and begins placing rolls of cookie dough on the racks.
Its finally time for the cookies to be in put in the oven and she sets the timer on her phone so she won't burn them.
After the time is up,she takes them out of the oven adds one on a plate and takes it to a girl down the hall.
A child plays a violin on stage during a solo performance.
A man watches with interest from the side of the stage.
The girl pauses briefly then begins playing again.
The girl lowers her violin and wand at the end of the performance.
A person is seen standing on a court wearing stilts on his feet.
The boy then begins running down the court on the stilts.
The boy dunks a small ball into the basket and walks back to grab it.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while pointing to a bike frame and spinning around the tire.
The man then uses tools to adjust the tire wheel and continues spinning it.
He is still seen working on the back of the bike while the camera zooms in.
A volleyball coach stands by a net holding a ball and speaks.
Two groups of girls run out to the middle of a court to grab volleyballs.
They throw the balls at each other.
The coach is seen giving instructions.
The girls continue to throw the balls at each other.
Two girls stand by the sidelines talking.
There's a woman dressed in a brown dress standing next to another lady in blue who is demonstrating a recipe.
They are standing next to the kitchen counter that has several bowls filled with various ingredient in it.
The chef is talking about the recipes that the ingredients are used for.
There's a white plate with shredded meat on the kitchen counter.
The chef then picks up the meat plate and gives it to the lady in brown.
The presenter then empties the meat into a blue bowl.
The chef continues to explain the recipe.
Then they add some chopped cucumber to the blue bowl and mix it with a spoon.
The chef shows the cucumbers she has used in the salad.
Then they add chopped cherry tomatoes, followed by sliced white onions and some leafy greens.
Then they add some more garnishing on top of the salad.
A woman is shown working out on an elliptical and smiling off into the distance.
The video shows several different perks the machine can do while the woman continues to work.
She eventually steps on the machine again and continues to work out on the machine.
A large group of people are shown in several shots playing a sport's game while hundreds of people watch on the sides.
The men continue running around the field while close ups of coaches are shown and one scores a goal.
One man kneels down and the others shake hands with players.
Two men are seen doing a sumo move in a large circle surrounded by others.
One man pretends to fight a sumo wrestler and is pushed to the side very easily.
The other man tries with his shot shown again in slow motion and stand all together with their arms up.
A woman in a pink shirt is talking.
She picks up a clear box and opens it.
She closes the box and puts it away.
She picks up a large stuffed animal.
She then picks up a small red bag.
She picks up some different fabrics and ribbons.
A yellow and brown animal is attached to the wall swaying from left to right.
While it is there,a boy is wrapped up in a bandanna and he is holding the stick on the left side of the pinata.
He then moves it to the right side and begins to hit the pinata ferociously.
A group of people are sitting down at the top of a snow slide in a tube.
The person holding the camera starts his journey and he is off down the slopes of snow.
As he reaches the bottom,several black mats are placed in front of him to help slow him down.
A colorful intro with a lot of flashing words flash across the screen along with a logo and a banner with foreign language written on it.
A woman dressed in an orange and red dress and scarf is standing and talking has she hold white paper in her hands.
The woman is no longer shown and there are various pictures flashing that seem to be about SPEED CAR WASH.
A few short video clips begin and they all take place at the SPEED CAR WASH company where cars are driving, products are shown, a man is washing a car and various people are talking either together or alone.
The woman from before who is dressed in an orange and red dress appears again and is still holding the white paper as she talks.
Flashing words appear after the woman is talking and continues to the end.
There are three young men in a house.
One the men is sitting on a couch in the living room eating a packet of Doritos.
And there are two other men who are staring at him while he eats.
One of the men gets up and washes his hands.
He then opens a can of coke and drinks from it.
Then he begins chopping tomatoes and lettuce to make a sandwich.
He slices some ham and makes two toasts in a toaster.
Then he puts mayonnaise on the bread and tops it with the meat, lettuce and tomato.
He cuts the sandwich in half and serves it on a plate.
Then he offers the sandwich plate to the man seated on the couch eating the Doritos.
The man takes the plate and takes a bite of the sandwich as the other man stands next to him and watches.
A man is sitting down in a chair.
He is wearing a mask on his face.
He is welding something in front of him.
A woman is brushing her teeth in a bathroom.
Someone is filming her behind her.
She spits the toothpaste out into the sink in front of her.
A close up shots of a man riding around is shown and leads into him taking off part of his shows.
He shows off several objects and pushes a puck along some ice while the camera sits on the object and the man follows behind.
There's a group of rafters wearing yellow vests going on an adventure.
They are rowing the raft through the river as the turbulent waves gush towards their raft.
They continue rafting through the river as they stay afloat against the fierce waves.
The rafters stay afloat despite the turbulent and agitated waves of the river.
Some of the rafters are on top of a hill and one of the rafter is diving into the water.
The rafters continue their journey through the turbulent waters of the river.
There's a person bungee jumping from an elevated crane into the river.
We see a black screen and the credits.
A person is cutting a man's hair.
They switch to an electric razor on the back.
The person uses the shaver on their hand.
The screen changes to black for a moment.
We see the screen change again and the person lines the back of the man's head.
The barber touches the shaver edge.
The screen fades to black and the ending credits roll.
A camera pans over a snowy area and leads into a man standing on a snowboard and riding down a mountain.
The man zooms in on himself riding down the hill and ends with him turning off the camera.
Cement is being made in the cement mixer.
Three Hispanic men are laying the foundation of the pool with a cement gun.
A man that is dressed in white is doing the cement finish as the other men lay the cement with a gun.
Once the cement is done all the men start to do finish.
Various people are shown riding around on horses holding sticks in the air and riding around one another.
People walk in and out of frame and the people continue moving around on horses.
People are eating ice cream cones.
A person puts ice cream into an ice cream cone.
A woman in glasses talks to the camera.
man wearing a black vest is alone on a ring wrestling with another man who is kneeling on the floor.
two other men gets in the ring and are wresting the man in the center.
people are around the ring wtching the wrest.
three journalists are standing wearing suits and watch the men in the ring.
A man is seen holding a power drill with a potato on the end and people peeling around him.
The man turns on the drill and peels the potato with another person pointing on the side.
A intro begins and shows a man holding a shovel and talking to the camera.
He gradually rakes leaves and talks to the camera and shows several people also helping picking up leaves.
Different people are interviewed on camera while several others are shown raking up the leaves.
A man is seen sitting in his car and another puts his gloves on.
The camera pans over the raked up leaves while several others discuss their hard work.
Several images of a bakery and a chef are shown and then a little animate guy comes along showing what the video will be about.
A real chef then appears and begins cutting small layers of cakes and adding them together.
Once all the layers of the cake are cut out and iced together,the fondant is placed on the cake as well as the icing and the desert is complete.
The video begins with a backdrop of a snowy area and introduces the names of the people in the video and that it's the "Wisp Snowboard Trip 2014.
The video then goes into numerous various different segments of a bunch of different people snowboarding while doing tricks either in the daytime or nighttime and at various different locations.
The outro goes to gray and then fade to black.
A still image of a man dressed in an Under Armour shirt and a pair of slacks is standing in one spot in a bowling alley.
The man finally moves and throws the ball down the Alley.
After,an instant replay is shown of the video being chopped and screwed with a circle highlighting the ball before it is thrown down the lane.
A man steps on a diving board and jumps.
Then, the man flips three times and and dive in the pool.
A girl with long blond hair, wearing a blue robe is doing a tutorial on how to use hot rollers in her hair.
There is another woman wearing white who is demonstrating how to section out her hair and start putting the rollers in the her one by one.
After she's done putting the rollers all over the head, she uses a blow dryer to add some heat to the hair.
Then she removes the rollers from the model's hair and starts to run her fingers through the hair.
She then parts her hair gently with a brush.
She shows how to finish off the look by running her fingers through her hair without using a brush.
A child paints her toenails with white nail polish on front a little child.
A person enters the room and walk on front the children.
Then, the child turns to listen somebody for a second and continues painting her toenails.
After, a hand touches the back of the child twice who turns and then continues painting her toenails.
A man prepares to run down a track.
He runs very fast down the path.
He takes a giant leap, landing in the sand.
A man and a woman dressed in snow clothing are walking in the snow and they begin to drill into the ice ground with hand held red crank long drills.
When they make a hole in the ice they put their fishing wire attached with bait into the hole and begin ice fishing until the woman catches a fish.
After they're done fishing, they are now at a wood fire and the fish is cooking on the wood.
A woman is trying to play bad-mitten.
She is hitting the shuttle cock.
She is walking around the court, looking around.
She is trying to play the game with not much effort.
She hands another racket to a friend.
She is not really playing.
The other player is a more serious player as she serves.
The game of bad-mitten continues as the first player missed again and again.
People walk in front of the camera.
The camera shows the other two players.
The game goes on for a while longer before it ends.
A woman sits in front of a large crowd while holding shaving cream and a razor.
Another man is seen on stage shaving his face and the woman begins shaving her legs.
The crowd cheers them on for the shaving competition.
three women are standing in a park in a field doing yoga.
man is running in the park behind the women.
an old man is walking fast in the park.
A man is filming inside of am apartment looking around at several different things.
A little boy comes into the scene and quickly exits out of the view of the camera.
The boy comes onto the camera again doing karate moves with a stick.
The man gets a close up of the boy while he talks to the boy in another language.
the boy does a bow and the video ends.
Two teams are on either side of a field.
They are holding a rope, getting ready to pull.
The two teams begin pulling, trying to win the competition as a crowd watches.
The yellow group begin to be pulled forward against their will.
woman that is sitting in a chair is holding a cup in the dog's mouth so the fog can lick the cup.
black dog is standing in a living oom licking water from a cup.
a woman is standing in a living with a black dog in a white carpet.
A cooker talks in a kitchen and shows the inside of a sharpener knife that has discs inside.
Then, the man puts a knife in the sharpener knife to sharpen.
After, the man wash and dry the knife.
Pictures of an office is shown.
A woman is doing another woman's hair.
People are doing hair in a hair salon.
Two girls are seen speaking and waving to the camera that lead into them performing several jumps and tricks on a mat.
the girls continue taking turns flipping all around the mat in the area as well as speaking to the camera and waving.
An individual uses a hose and a thin instrument to clean a shoe.
The individual sets aside the shoe and turns over the other shoe.
The individual uses the thin implement to dig between the patterns of the shoe bottom.
The title is on the screen.
The screen switches to the man explaining his art.
We see the man's artwork.
We see the man talking again.
He grabs paint on his brush.
He discusses his painting technique.
He is painting on the art.
He cleans his brush on paper.
He adds more paint to the brush.
He is painting on the art again.
He cleans his brush on the paper again.
He adds white paint to the brush.
He paints white on the artwork.
He crosses his arms and talks.
We see the title card.
A man is kneeling down on ice.
He begins playing a game of curling.
Two people scrub the ice in front of the curling ball.
big skyscraper with a great view.
men is cleaning the window on the outside hanging on the Scaffolding.
A gymnast performs a balance beam gymnastic routine in a professional sports event with an audience in the bleachers.
A girl stands in front of a balance beam in a gymnast outfit and jumps on the beam where she begins to execute a gymnastic routine on the balance beam.
The girl stands on the beam and performs back flips on the beam before landing one final back flip off of the beam where she lands on a mat and exits the area in front of an audience in bleachers.
A man is seen standing with one man in a bedroom.
He bends down and begins picking up the other man.
He finally throws the man down onto the bed.
A shot of a building leads into a 3d game of men sumo wrestling.
The game continues on with the characters fighting and a ref watching on the side.
The game ends and shows more pictures of men sumo wrestling and pointing.
A sailboat sails through rough waters in the ocean.
The skipper is seen manning the steering wheel at the back of the boat.
The mast of the ship is seen in full view.
We see the title on the black screen.
We see instruments and the wall with the school name.
People are shown warming up.
We are then shown Capoeira technique.
People are practicing Capoeira moves.
The ladies are explaining why they chose Capoeira.
We are shown the end card for the website.
Two players are playing a game of racket ball.
One female takes a swing at the ball and hits it.
The other female takes a swing at the ball and misses and hits herself instead.
She then sits down on the floor while the other person comes to turn the camera off.
There's a man on stilts jumping and doing stunts in an indoor gym.
There are several spectators and judges watching him perform.
After the man finishes his stunts, he gets off the stilts and the judges write down the scores.
A diver stretches out on a high dive platform bending at the waist.
The diver towels off then tosses down her towel and approaches the end of the diving board for a first attempt.
The diver makes multiple dives doing flips in the air before landing in the water.
Two lines of young men are walking side by side down a road.
Then one man stands in a field holding a wooden object and begins twisting it.
He then bends down and grabs a ball.
After,the ball is placed on the ground and he picks it up and hits it as if he's playing baseball.
The ball is thrown back and he its it again.
Shortly after, a field of men are shown and they begin playing a game against one another.
There was a penalty and one players attempts to hit the ball into the goal from the side.
After,everyone is pictured lying down on the ground as if they are dead but one person begins to sit up but gets hit in the head by the ball and lays back down.
Lastly,the screen flashes to a black screen and the words The End are shown.
A group of older men walk into a ice rink.
The group of men gather and  get ready to play curling.
A younger man and an older man work as a team to move the curl.
A older gentleman smiles at the camera while holding his curling stick over his head.
The group of men then start to display number and have a laugh.
A girls hops across the pavement.
A younger girl watches her.
A mans arm is in the foreground.
There is also a wooden deck.
A medical worker is sitting at a table with a woman and talking to the camera.
He moves a can and touches two other cans.
He picks up a can and sprays it on the woman's arm and rubs it.
He picks up another can and talks about it then sprays her arm again and rubs the cream in.
He picks up a third container and puts it on her arm and rubs it in as well.
He picks up a fourth tube and puts the cream on her hand and rubs it in.
He does this again with a fifth cream.
He then takes a compact of brown powder, presents it to the camera and puts it back down.
a baby in a screen is shown and someone hits the screen with a hammer.
man is doing skateboard and is felling of the board in different places.
man is skateboarding going down a large stairs and fells.
man is skateboarding down a cement rail in stairs.
Make up is shown on a table.
A woman sits on her bed and applies makeup to her face.
She uses a large brush to apply powder to her face.
She puts mascara on her eyelashes.
She puts lipstick on her lips.
She puts a backpack on and walks out the door.
There are two roofers standing top of a building roof removing working on old roof removal.
They are using roofing shovel to remove the shingles and tarp.
One of the roofers is peeling off the tarp from the rooftop as he digs in the shovel underneath the tarp.
The other roofer is helping him roll up the tarp as he peels it off.
A man and woman are sitting on a stage together.
They are talking about the tango dance.
They spin and twirl before an audience.
An athletic woman is seen standing before a track and begins running down the side.
She runs and jumps into a sand pit while a man records her score.
Several more clips are shown of women running down the track and jumping into the pit.
A man is standing behind a bar talking.
He puts ice in a glass.
He pours shots into the glass.
He stirs the drink with a straw.
An elderly woman is sitting on the couch with a young girl, showing her how to thread yard onto a knitting hook.
The girl smiles and laughs as she figures out how to handle it.
A video tutorial is shown of a family doing dishes at a campsite.
Everything is thrown into two buckets.
One with soap and the other to rinse.
Males pull a rope in a tag of war match.
The males take steps to the right.
The males are being pulled to the left.
The males raise and let go of the rope now closer to the left.
A dog urinates consistently, without stopping, and while walking on its forelegs only, down and around a paved sidewalk all while a person is walking them on a yellow leash.
The pug dog starts urinating on a stone curb along a low stone mini wall, lands on all four legs to  turn around, and then proceeds to start walking on its two forelegs only.
The dog begins urinating while walking on its forelegs only with the yellow leash following behind as an unseen person walks the dog from the background.
The dog continues to urinate in this way, past more sidewalk and grass, and finally starts using three legs, stops and urinates more while stationary on three legs.
A man is seen hosting a new segment that leads into a large group of people standing and marching around a field.
People are then seen riding around on horses playing a game with one another.
Players speak to the camera as well as the audience and ends with a team standing all together.
Two kids are outside playing together at a playground.
One boy jumps off and walks to the other side as the other one begins to do the monkey bars.
After he makes it to the other side,he climbs off and runs to another set of monkey bars and follows through those as well.
A small group of people are seen standing on two sides of a net.
The people then begin playing a game of badminton with one another.
They continue to hit the birdie around while serving it to the other side and hitting it back.
A man talking about how to work out in a certain position.
He explains it and shows in detail how it should be done.
Then he grabs the bar and demonstrates like that also.
He begins to do it in repetition a few times before finishing up.
A shirtless man is shoving snow outside at the curb.
He waves his hands around and motions at the passing cars.
He continues to wave and roll his hands in the air as more cars pass.
He continues shoveling the snow.
man is wearing a back wetsuit doing windsurf in a lake.
man is windsurfing in a lake doing tricks.
he man windsurfing say hi to the camera.
A close up of ingredients are shown followed by a man licking the spoon and mixing ingredients into a pot.
He mixes more ingredients in a blender and squishes them all into balls to put in the oven.
He takes them out and finishes by decorating them.
Two men are seen swinging their arms and legs around one another while a group of people stand around and watch them.
The men continue spinning around wile people clap and end with them shaking each other's hands.
Two soccer teams play a game of soccer in front of a crowded audience in bleachers, in which the team with the blue and white uniforms makes a series of goals.
The team with the yellow and blue uniforms wins a goal on the field against the black and white team and reacts by hugging and smiling each other.
The yellow and blue team go on to make a series of goals, sometimes sliding after the final kick, with the audience standing for them each time a goal is made and wearing yellow shirts.
A digital scoreboard is shown with the score as the yellow and blue team goes on to make more goals.
There are 5 different people sitting in chairs playing accordions that has pianos attached to them.
There are 2 women, and 3 men and all of them, look very serious about what they're doing.
They all press different keys to make blending sounds and not all of them use the accordion much.
A woman wearing an apron is talking and picks up a bucket with supplies in it.
She grabs a brush and cleans a window.
She grabs a squeegee and removes the excess water from the window.
A girl holding a guitar talks to the camera.
The girl plays the guitar as she sits on the sofa.
The girl stops playing and talks to the camera again while demonstrating.
People watch competitors get ready near a red stage.
The competitors put their robots down in the circle as the judge instructs them.
The judge signals the beginning of the competition.
The robots begin to move, and one of the robots is pushed out of the circle.
The competitors walk back up to the stage and replace their robots.
The judge signals for the competition to begin again and everyone applauds when one of them wins.
There's a dirt biking event going on which is sponsored by Monster energy drink.
There are several contestants participating in the event.
One of the contestants falls off his bike and seems like he's injured.
He gets up right away and walks to the corner.
A small child is seen sitting on a swing smiling at the camera.
The boy moves back and fourth on the swing while another boy is seen swinging next to him.
The two continue swinging back and fourth while the camera captures them from different angles.
A woman is riding an intertube down a snowy hill.
She spins as she goes down, running into another person.
She is knocked out of her intertube.
woman is running to make a high jump and start walking and the woman makes the same high jump 3 times.
woman loose the hair sits on the floor and untie the shoes.
We see a lady behind a bar talking.
The lady pours ice in glass.
The lady pours three shots of liquor into a cup.
The lady pours other stuff in and shakes it.
The lady pours the pours the drink into a glass.
The lady adds some red stuff.
The lady holds the glass and smiles.
People are running down a track and jumping into a sand pit.
People are standing on the side of the track watching them.
The  man is posing in front of a sign.
A woman with short blonde hair is sitting in a chair talking.
She holds up a hair curler and puts it in her hair.
She takes it out and continues talking.
Team mates are seen walking out onto a field surrounded by dozens of people and stand ready over a rope holding their arms up.
The men then pull the rope against another team and end by falling down.
The cheer leading team walked towards the stage, while in the audience, their teammates, who are wearing red and white uniforms are cheering.
The team started their cheer dance, where women are stood up on the the men's hands, they did pinwheels, jumped in the air, held some banners in the air, jumped high in the air and fell on their teammate's arms.
two men are sitting on round tables talking in microphones.
men are being interviewed in a large soccer field.
men are playing ping pong in themiddle of stadium while a lot of people are gathered around.
Two boys skateboard through the streets at different times wearing helmets.
A skateboarder in a blue t-shirt and black helmet skateboards through streets bordering countrysides and residential neighborhoods.
A skateboarder wearing all black falls off of the skateboard onto the paved street, gets up and walks off.
There's a man demonstrating how to melt wax and coat surfaces with wax using an iron.
He melts a piece of wax against the heated surface of the iron.
Then he smears the wax and coats on a surface.
After the wax cools and solidifies, he scrapes it off the surface.
A still image is pictured with the words Dog Walk Across America shown over it.
A middle aged couple is then shown siting on logs talking with their dogs roaming behind them and another man sitting on a big boulder rock.
Then several images of dogs are shown and then the woman reappears alone.
Then another set of images are shown where the dogs are being helped by vets.
The man then reappears with the lady and they begin to talk again.
Lastly,the man walks off and a black screen appears showing multiple websites.
Several pictures are shown of a beach and landscapes as well as people walking on the beach.
Several clips are then shown of people riding along the water and surfing the waves.
More shots are shown of people surfing in the water.
A reporter reports on a story about amputees and non amputees using replacement limbs with advanced technology or as leg extenders and performance enhancers for non amputees.
A reporter sits at a reporters table during a news broadcast before the clip cuts to people wearing limb replacement technology.
Several clips of men who are not amputees wearing amputee extender legs are shown with the subjects running and bounced in the street.
A man is concentrating extremely hard as he is throwing darts on to a board at a tournament.
People cheer and screen for him as another man approaches the board and hives him competition.
The two go back and forth,however the first guy appears to be the fan's favorite and ends up winning the game.
man is standing on side of car stuck in traffic.
man holding bagpipes is walking in street between cars.
A tray of chips are shown on a table.
A person is dealing cards onto the table.
People sitting at the table give each other high fives.
Ingredients are prepared and poured into a large mixing bowl.
A woman washes a bowl in a kitchen sink with a sponge.
The woman smells the bowl to make sure it is clean.
The woman places the bowl into a dish washer and shows the proper placement.
A woman washes a plate in a kitchen sink with a sponge.
The woman smells the plate to make sure it is clean.
The woman places the plate into a dish washer and shows the proper placement.
A woman washes glass cups in a kitchen sink with a sponge.
The woman smells the glass cups to make sure they are clean.
The woman places the glass cups into a dish washer and shows the proper placement.
End credits are seen for the film.
A kid in a blue shirt is long boarding.
He falls off and onto the street.
He keeps going down the street on his long board.
A person is seen falling into the water in front of a jump.
Another person is seen riding along on skis past him.
The man continues to ride as the camera zooms in on the water.
A young child is seen standing before a shuffleboard table holding a stick.
The boy then pushes the puck across the game.
The camera follows the pucks movements and leads back to the boy.
A young girl is seen talking to the camera and leads into her browsing the internet then raking up leads in a yard.
The girl is then seen sitting in the leaves and transitions into speaking with her mother in the kitchen.
She is shown speaking to the camera one more time and ends with various pictures of kids.
A close up of various objects in shown in a circle of dirt and leads into a person holding a bag.
The person then opens the bag and points to the objects in dirt and lights a match.
The objects catch fire and the camera zooms in on the objects burning.
A girl is in front of a camera.
She applies light pink lip gloss to her lips.
A tall thin male is standing in a bar surrounded by liquor.
The male has a cup of ice in front of him that he pours into a regular glass that he then adds liquor into.
Followed by two more shots of different clear liquors.
He then takes two syrup like liquor and pour them in the cup.
Once everything is in the glass,he puts the mixer on top of it and shakes it up.
Finally,the drink is complete and he pours it into another glass and adds a straw for it to be served.
People are floating down a river in tubes.
A person's feet are shown on a tube.
People are standing on the short next to their tubes.
A man in a black jacket is standing outside talking.
People are skating on an ice rink.
A man in a red hat is playing hockey and makes several goals.
A close up of tools and objects are shown laid out leading into several clips of a mean measuring a wall and laying plaster down on it.
The man shows how to make plaster while transitioning with him making plaster and continues to show more clips of him laying it down.
A man is seen riding around on roller blades in a park and performs a grind while the camera slows down.
Several more roller bladers are shown grinding around a park in various locations as well as showing several more tricks.
The camera man holds the camera close to his face and zooms in on a man sitting and smoking.
A man is giving instructions about playing the congo.
He speaks with his hands and then he taps the top of the congo very lightly.
He starts to tap lightly on the congo at a very slow tempo and after a little bit of doing that he stops to start talking again.
Finally, he starts using both of his hands to build up an actual beat and talks some more about it.
A black screen appears and the white words read "Nevena & Goran Rodry-Go! El Mambo del Tra".
A man and woman appear outdoors on a concrete brick deck and they begin dancing a routine in unison that include arm movements, steps, spins and various other dance moves.
They stop dancing and the woman walks closer to the camera and sings to it while the man behind her dances along.
She stops singing and they both laugh and walk away.
A young child is seen standing before a mat looking down at the floor.
She then begins walking along the mat all the way to the end.
She walks back and fourth again while looking to the camera.
A young girl introduces the video and explains what she will be doing to wood.
She places a piece of bubblewrap and makes sure it covers around about half of the wood.
She then covers the rest of the wood and walks across it like a plank.
A young child is seen standing ready holding a pole and then runs down a long track and throws the pole.
He walks back around the track when another person is seen running down and throwing the stick.
Finally one last boy steps up to the track to throw the javelin and then walks back to the others.
There are four women dancing to a choreographed dance to some Hip Hop music in a studio.
They follow a synchronized and rhythmic beat to follow the same steps as the rest of the dancers.
They continue following the steps one after the other in a structured manner where everybody is shaking their hands and legs rhythmically.
Their dance moves change as the music changes and they slow down or move faster according to the beat of the song.
The woman is riding a camel as she talks to the camera.
A man is guiding the camel and giving the camel food.
The woman is reporting while she is on the back of the camel.
We see the opening title screens.
A man walks into a room and grabs a bucket and returns with it.
We see a man in a bright shirt mix plaster in a bucket and spread it on a wall.
The man adds more plaster to his base and spreads it on the wall.
A man standing outside of a building window cleaning with a large squeegee.
He goes over the door window and then uses another gadget after to wipe down the soap.
He starts all  the way at the top making sure to get in the corners of the window.
The window looks very clean and nice once he is down doing all of that.
A close up of a guitar is seen with a hand plucking the strings.
A man is then seen singing into a microphone while still playing the guitar.
The man moves his fingers up and down the guitar while still singing into the microphone.
There's a young main in a white tank top and beige shorts practicing dancing with a woman wearing a gray shirt and blue shorts.
They are practicing dancing in their living room with a flat screen television hanging on the wall.
They are holding hands as they twirl around and dance.
A magazine about saxophones is shown just before a pair of hands are shown playing a saxophone.
Multiple screens begin to appear, showing the hands playing various notes on the screen.
The screen goes backwards until the video ends.
A worker removes moss from the top of a roof.
Another worker sprays water all over the roof.
The roof is then really clean.
A young man is sitting in a chair with his head down shaving his leg with an electric razor.
The man stops and cleans out the razor.
The man shakes the razor when it stops working until it starts again and continues to shave his leg.
There's a woman in a maroon shirt washing her face in the sink.
An aesthetician is talking about skin care routines and giving tips on how to keep facial skin clean.
The model washes her face and then dabs it dry gently with a towel.
Several people white water raft and kayak in large inflatable rafts and kayaks on a violent, narrow,  body of water surrounded by large rocks.
A group of people on a blue water raft paddle against a violent stream/body of water.
Several lone people paddle in small kayaks against the same violent water.
A person navigates the rocky waves in a large water raft.
The rafters and kayakers continue to fight the force of the water  as the scene face to a positivity mantra and then to black.
two women are standing on a gym arm wrestling.
in te background people are standingin the gym doing exercise.
strong women are sitting in a chair arm wrestling.
A still image of a hockey team is shown and a number seven is shown across the screen.
A circle then highlights the player and the game begins.
As the game keeps going,the athlete is pictured several times when he does something spectacular.
A person vacuum dirt from a couch with a hand vacuum with a brush nozzle.
Then, the person vacuum the crevasses of the couch using a crevasse noodle Then, the person uses a handle held vacuum to clean the top of the couch and the floor.
After, the woman shows the battery of the vacuum and then she keeps it.
A large group of people are seen swimming around an ocean while two men pass a soccer ball back and fourth to one another on the shore.
More people walk in and out of frame as the men continue to kick the ball back and fourth to one another.
A man is unrolling carpet onto the floor.
He is on his knees cutting the carpet.
He is putting glue onto the floor.
He then lays the carpet down on top of it and smooths it out.
He then vacuums the carpet when he is finished.
a group of people are gathered inside a room.
They are walking back and forward together.
They are dancing as a form of aerobics.
A swimmer puts on a pair of goggles getting ready.
The swimmer pulls a muscle in the pool and jumps up onto the pool deck and stretches out his leg.
A swimmer dives off from a board into the water with a splash.
The athlete swims in a lane and pulls himself along with the float line.
The swimmer swims underwater and pushes off the pool floor.
The swimmer does a butterfly stroke in the pool lane.
A dog is seen standing in a bath tub chained to a tub and a woman walks into frame and grabs the dog.
She hold up a bottle and sprays it around the dog, rubbing it into it's fur while speaking to the camera.
She then takes a hose and sprays the dog with water and ends by looking back to the camera.
Vassen cloud nine red colored contacts are in the container they belong in.
A blondish haired woman with brown eyes places one of them in her eye.
You can see the difference of the brown and the contact very clearly and it looks pretty great.
She then put the other contact in so you are able to see how both lenses look at a distance.
A woman rides a camel holding a rode with her right hand while a man pulls the camel.
Then, the camel stops and the woman gets down from the camel.
A man springs on a track and jumps onto a dirt area.
A second man does the same.
A third man follows him.
A fourth man goes after him.
A fifth man starts to sprint as he holds a long bar.
An orange rope is tied to a tree and dangling in the wind.
A man steps up on the rope and begins to walk across it.
The man jumps down off of the rope and starts at the beginning to walk across it.
The man jumps off again and gets back on the rope and jumps off.
The man tightens the rope.
The camera shows the ground.
The screen opens up with an ACDC promo.
A little boy is speaking to the camera.
The little boy begins to break dance and does many flips.
He stands up and begins to rap.
A person is seen walking down the length of a diving board while the camera zooms in.
The man turns around and performs a back flip off of the board into the water.
An athletic man is seen standing ready in front of a large crowd and then runs down the track and jumps over a beam.
The man celebrates with other people and his same jump is shown several times in slow motion.
A woman is seen sitting on sand next to a girl.
The woman looks away from the camera and looks down at the sand.
The girl and woman then begin digging in the sand.
Several clips of cricketers are shown.
In them a someone throws a ball at a player.
Another player hits the ball with his bat.
Another player then catches the ball.
A man in welding attire welds a piece of metal to another piece of metal on camera.
A man wearing protective clothing and a metal welding hat stands in front of a piece of metal missing a long strip on the face of it.
The man begins to weld creating large sparks of white light.
When the welding stop the finished product reveals a strip has been welded onto the formerly bare spot and the welder tests it with a hard instrument.
A gymnast is seen climbing onto a set of uneven bars and performing a routine while many watch on the side.
He performs various flips and tricks and ends by jumping down and putting his arms up.
A man is seen holding up objects while speaking to a woman and rubbing the object along the wall.
He then dips paper in water and begins hanging it up on the walls.
He holds up a spray bottle to spray the walls while the others help.
The people check the wall and take the paper off followed taking the actual wallpaper off and rubbing the wall.
A boy is playing with a ball.
Kids are practicing lacrosse on a field of grass.
A man in a black jacket is watching them play.
People are playing volleyball in the sand.
A person falls into the sand.
A woman in a blue shirt is talking to the camera.
A woman in a black shirt is talking to the camera.
A girl sits a table talking.
We see an intro screen.
The girl sits at the table and shows a gift bag.
A cat runs across the table and jumps off.
We see the girl puts gifts into a gift bag with tissue paper.
The girl moves the cat off the table and onto the floor.
The girl adds more tissue paper to the bag.
A group is on the beach, playing volleyball.
They lob the ball back and forth over the net.
The crowd cheers them on as they continue the competition.
A person is seen walking into frame and begins playing on a set of bongo drums.
The man continues playing on the drums while the camera doesn't move and ends with him hitting them once and walking away.
We see a lady and two men standing in a lake.
The lady then jet skis.
We see the head of the person on the boat on the left bob in and out of the shot.
The boat turns and we no longer see land in the background.
The lady falls off the ski.
A man walks over to help the lady in the lake.
The man in suit is talking to the camera as people are behind him.
The older man throw his darts on the dartboard and three darts landed on one place.
The man positioned himself then throw the darts in the board and the darts are away from each other.
The man continue to hit the board with darts.
A green paint brush holder is shown.
The brush of the paint brush is being shown on a person's finger.
They are painting with the brush.
They are dropping thinner into the paint with a dropper.
There is a model airplane sitting on the table.
The airplane is being painted a gold color.
A green paint brush is being shown and turned around.
A man is seen standing ready outside a track and begins running towards a bar.
The man then jumps over the bar and is shown again in slow motion.
A group of men are seen leading a camel around while a person rides on top of the camel.
One man leads the camera around with the person on top and people recording them from the sides.
The man lays the camel down for the person to climb off and the rider smiles and waves to the camera.
The two bulls run into each other and they bump heads fighting until they knock each other down.
Then the people run over to them and some are holding rope, while one checks on it's bloody head.
A tv news anchor reports on a story.
A variety of people are shown watching their hands, as the report speaks on germs.
A tv news anchor appears.
A man is holding a volleyball while standing on a court and speaking.
Female players train and practice behind him while he speaks.
A group of people are seen standing around a yard when one hits a ball and another watches closely.
Another man walks into frame hitting the ball and the other people behind him continue playing.
Two men are on a padded surface, fighting.
They jump and kick at each other.
They roll around on the mat until one of them pins the other.
Two boys in blue karate suits and red belts are standing on a stage in a school cafeteria and they are doing a karate routine in unison.
When they are done, they turn to one another, bow, and do some karate matches that involve gently throwing one another to ground and when done with the matches they each take a bow facing the crowd.
The boys then start another karate routine and they are doing various moves with their arms and legs while doing them in unison as much as possible.
When done they both take a bow facing the crowd and they both run off the school stage.
A group of people are outside a ski resort entitled Boulder ridge and they begin to wait in line with their tubes.
As they are waiting,they can see several people going down the hill and tubing before it is finally their turn.
Once they reach the bottom,they grab their tube and begin to walk off the slope.
A man runs and dives into the water on a beach.
A man carrying a surf board walks on the beach.
People are surfing in the water.
A man is sitting in the sand.
More people surf in the water.
Two ladies in bikinis are on the beach.
People are riding waves in the water surfing.
A bartender is talking from behind a bar.
He shows himself making several different drinks.
Then he is shown making a specific red drink, shaking it before pouring it into a glass.
A camera shows a person riding around a dirt track on a bike moving at a quick speed.
Several more shots are shown of people riding the dirt track on bikes while the camera captures them from several angles.
A kneeing man runs a small grass cutter over the surface of the lawn.
The man mows the shaded green grass.
The man mows the sun lit grass.
A woman walks into frame speaking to the camera and pointing to a sign that leads into her speaking with a man in front of a bow and arrow.
The man speaks to her and puts bowing equipment on the woman and holds out the bow for her.
