A man helps a girl walk on slits.
A kid on stilts falls to their knees.
Kids walk in a circle on their stilts.
I see a closing screen and it fade to black.
People are dancing on a stage.
People in the audience are raising their hands.
A man in a white shirt starts singing and dancing on the stage.
A woman doing a presentation on how to iron a shirt.
She is discussing the shirt and brings out a startch spray.
She begins to to use the spray on the shirt.
She then rearranges the shirt.
Next she demonstrates how to iron the shirt.
She then shows how to get the harder creases out.
Next she flips over the shirt and places the sleeve down.
She then shows how to iron the sleeve.
She then flips the shirt over.
There is man wearing a blue shirt and another man in black seated on a rock, talking about rock climbing.
They are seated at a very high altitude in the mountains.
The person in blue is demonstrating how the rope is fastened from the rocks.
He is also showing tight rope walking from one end to another.
Then the person in black also walks on a tight rope.
A bartender begins speaking to the camera and pours ice into a glass.
She think instructs to mix rum and lemon juice into the glass and an ounce of different rum.
Finally she mixes grenadine with some sweet and sour mix with soda water.
Finally she mixes all the components together and creates a nice alcoholic beverage.
A girl is sitting in a tube surrounded by a large group of people also sitting on tubes.
The camera pans around to the various people sitting in the tubes.
The girl jumps out of her tube and finds herself swimming in the water.
A girl stands by a counter with various food items placed out on the counter.
She holds up the ingredients and instructs what you'll need to make a sandwich.
She begins chopping the vegetables and putting the dressing on the bread.
She spreads around the dressing and puts the other ingredients on the sandwich to finish.
A chef is standing in front of a table and begins turning on a stove with a pan on it.
The man then mixes various ingredients together and finally putting the ingredients on the stove top.
He finishes the plate by making an omelette and serves it on a plate and cuts it up.
A man puts a chef hat on a girl while a chef teachers her how to cook.
She mixes various ingredients together following the chef's orders and paying close attention to his instructions.
The girl makes a lovely batch of cookies and finds herself enjoying them in the end, as well as the company of others.
A mixologist is talking about how to make alcoholic drinks.
She talks about the drinks she makes a lot of favorites.
She starts with a voda soda and how to make one.
The next drink she makes is vodka seven.
Then she makes a screwdriver, a greyhound, and then mixed with cranberry juice.
A man is lying on his back on a tile floor.
He is trying to do sit ups, slowing down and grimacing as the effort becomes more difficult with each one.
He stops, lying back and laughing.
We see a table covered with papers and a laptop as a man works.
The man leaves and goes to a graffiti covered garage and turns on a boombox.
The man break dances then sees there is a man across the room.
The men then take turns break dancing.
The men stand face to face and break dance together.
We then see the ending title screen.
Lemons are juiced one at a time and then put in a pot with sugar.
Sparkling water is added and then the mixture is added to this creating sparkling lemonade.
A group of men are wrapping boxes on a table.
Several people are walking around the area.
A man is getting very in depth on his wrapping and wraps the box tightly.
Another man appears and grabs paper then walks away.
The man wrapping finishes his box.
A person is drinking from a coffee cup and looking away from the camera.
His eyes pand up to the camera at the last second and he smiles.
A small group of people are seen standing together on a stage and lead into them playing the instruments and two men kneeling in front.
The men then perform various martial arts around one another while the people stand around and watch.
A man in peach sweater is skateboarding and then fell on the ground.
A man in orange stop is skateboarding in the dark street and fell on the ground.
A man in black shirt skateboard down the wide road and fell on the side of the road, the man showed his bleeding cuts in front of the camera.
A the skateboarders are falling off their skateboards.
A person is talking on camera while showing various tools on the ground.
A person is putting objects in front of a tire to move the car.
A person drives the car over the object to move it.
The tire is now sitting on top of an object and they take it off.
A person brings out an old bike and talk about what needs to be done.
A martial arts artists performs slow moves with her arms and legs simultaneously.
A man speaks to the camera after the woman finishes her martial arts routine.
A small boy wearing a black and red striped shirt is sitting with a drum set and playing drums.
A man wearing a pink shirt and black trousers is standing next to him.
Another person wearing a denim shirt walks past the boy.
the boy continues to drum the cymbals and the hi-hat in a rhythmic way as the people cheer for him.
He alternately hits the cymbals and the snare drums with the sticks.
He ends by hitting the cymbals.
A man talking to the camera while holding a poster.
He grabs various objects off the table and explains his instructions.
He wraps a box with tin foil then writes on the box with a marker.
He lays out more tin foil and wraps another object with it.
He finishes wrapping all objects with tin foil and showing how.
Two men are doing martial arts with others around them watching.
Many other men are shown doing several flips and tricks around each other.
Two men flip near each other while others around them watch.
A man is seen holding a tennis racket and begins hitting a ball around a room.
Another man is in frame also holding a tennis racket and hitting a ball around.
The men continue to play with one another around the room while the camera follows their movements.
A man is shown talking to the camera while walking slowly onto the field with a group of players.
Various players are shown one on one with several shots of stadium and cities are shown.
The athletes prepare themselves for the match and are shown playing out on the field.
The men cheer when they score a goal and sit on the bench after being tired.
They run through stadiums and speak to the camera about being a professional athlete.
A piece of exercise equipment spins around on a panel when a woman suddenly appears.
She climbs on the machine and begins exercising while the camera pans around her movements.
She continues to use the equipment and eventually shows a picture of the equipment.
A camera pans all around a heated pool and leads into a person climbing in a kayak and moving around the pool.
Several people seen riding kayaks around the pool as well as people swimming around and watching on the sidelines.
The men continue moving around in various angles as well as being shown swimming underwater and playing with one another.
A strong man is lifting his legs up and down across parallel bars.
He begins to do shrugs on the bars.
He starts to walk his body across with his hands.
He circles around on the edge of the bars with his arms.
He swings his legs and leaps with his arms across the parallel bars.
A man does dips on the parallel bars.
Another man does dips down to his elbows on the parallel bars.
He then starts to do dips down to his armpits on the parallel bars called Russian Dips, while keeping his legs in the air.
A man does dips with his body in front of the bar and legs swoops underneath the bar.
He then does pushups on the parallel bars, by going down, pushing forward, then up.
He begins to do pushups, with his knees tucked, with the parallel bars.
A different man does leg dips, swings his legs up and around each parallel bar and pushes forward across the parallel bars.
When he reaches the end, he tucks in his knees and lifts his body up and perpendicular to the bars.
He then does knee and leg raises.
A different man keeps his legs straight out and moves them across each bar.
A different man brings his legs straight up into a V-shape on the bars.
He then rests his elbows on the bars and swings his body perpendicular to the bars then parallel to the bars.
He begins to do shoulder stands on the bars.
He switches to doing a head stand and holds.
A different man starts to swing his body from under the bars and presses himself up and over the bars.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera and laying her hands across a pair of pants on an ironing table.
She begins ironing the pants and ends by showing the crease she made in the middle.
A man in a brown sweater is sitting down and talking.
A woman in a black and white sweater sits behind him.
She takes off her sweater and puts it on the chair behind him.
A boy in a blue shirt hits behind him.
We see an opening title screen.
We see kids in purple pose for a photo.
The kids then play tug of war as two girls stand nearby cheering.
We switch to a girl and a boy cheering.
We see two different kids cheering.
We switch the cheering kids again.
The kids win and an jump and cheer as one girl talks to a teacher.
We see the ending credits.
A title screen leads into two women stepping up and down on a block.
They perform several different exercises on the beam and move together in a synchronized motion.
The girls spin round and round then hope back up and then down on the beam.
A person is paddling down a river in a canoe.
The person turns and looks back.
A woman is shown walking around a kitchen turning on a faucet and l letting the sink fill up with water.
She is shown wearing gloves, spraying cleaner around the sink and scrubbing with a brush.
She smiles at the cleaning product and pans out to the label being shown.
A person on a skateboard moves over and ramp and up on a corner.
The camera shows him doing various moves and interviewing the camera.
Another man rides a wakeboard doing and tricks and eventually falls.
Several other clips are shown of people kayaking doing several stunts while the camera records.
A woman is sitting in a chair knitting.
She looks up and talks to someone.
She continues knitting in her hands.
Two teams are playing a tug of war, while the referee is at the center and on the side are people taking pictures.
The referee gave a go signal for the team to start pulling, the players are pulling the rope with all of their might until the blue team won, on the other side of the lane another team are playing tug of war, and the camera pans to the audiences who are watching the game.
There's an open land area with greenery around and grassy surface area.
There's a lawn trimmer lying on the ground near some over grown patches of grass.
A person wearing gray pants and gloves using a lawn trimmer to trim the patches of grass.
He is trimming the lawn in a back and forth motion, moving the trimmer horizontally across the grass.
A woman is seen kneeling on a mat in a back yard and leads into her bending backwards using her hands.
She then puts her hands all the way down on the ground while still continuing to look up.
We see the title card over the screen.
We see people standing on a blue stage.
They then perform a cheer leading routine.
The men lift the women who spin into their arms.
They all flip backwards together.
The men hold the women by one leg and almost drop a lady.
A girl brings letters onto the field.
They use the letter to spell a word while standing in the air.
They have different cards with color names on them.
The men yell out of horns.
Two women flip out of a stance, and they end in the air.
Music plays as surfers ride the waves.
A few men are shown preparing to surf, prepping their board and getting dressed.
A helicopter rides over the shoreline where the surfers are riding.
A couple laughs together on the beach in a tent awaiting more surfing.
A man is then shown prepping his board with surf wax.
The crowd watches others riding waves.
The crowd cheers multiples surfing runs on.
Kelly Slater is featured on a successful run, followed by more clips riding the waves.
Kelly Slater is paused mid wave to wrap up the story line.
Music and producer credits are then shown.
A camera pans around a beach area followed by people walking with a surf board and proceeding to do tricks on the water.
The camera captures the men performing different tricks as well as swimming in the ocean and moving in slow motion.
There is a team of boys dressed in blue uniforms playing soccer against another team of boys dressed in blue striped uniforms in an indoor gym.
There are several spectators seated on the side watching the players play soccer.
The goalie dressed in yellow tries to stop the opponent's ball.
There is also another game of soccer between a team dressed in red and a team dressed inn blue.
The first set of teams continue playing the game as the solid blue team scores a goal.
A man is seen walking forward and speaking to the camera while two people pull an object behind him.
The man is then speaking while a woman exercises next to him.
The man continues speaking and text is shown across the screen.
A silver car is parked in the street.
A man power washes the car in the street.
He then dries it off.
The car is now completely clean.
Lithuanian Zinaida Sendriute throws the discus 64 meters to lead out for her third throw, waving to the camera as she walks off.
Cuban Yarelis Barrios is next and unleashes a mighty 67 meter toss with a thunderous scream.
Croatian Sandra Perkovic out distances both of the previous throwers with a 69 meter toss to claim the lead.
Two people are on a boat getting ready to dive into the ocean.
They dive in and are able to look at all the beautiful corals and see fish and other things.
They find a cockpit that they begin to observe and look around also running into a jelly fish.
They begin to explore the outside of the plane where they are also able to see more fish and other marine life around it.
A man talks to the audience while seated on stage before a performance.
A man plays the keys of an accordion while opening and closing the air box.
The man sings a few verses loudly with excitement.
The man finishes the song and gathers up his notes from the podium.
A woman tries to eat ice cream to a child, but the child refuses to eat the ice cream, then the woman eats the ice cream in the spoon.
After, the woman gives ice cream to the child, and then the woman cleans the child's mouth.
An old woman feeds a boy ice cream.
Guys stand or sit around their dirt bikes.
Guys are riding their dirt bikes.
A guy takes off his upper body armor while sitting on his dirt bike.
A car drives behind another while filming several snowy houses and trees shown.
Eventually two snowboarding are shown doing jumps and tricks down a mountain.
Another does several flips and tricks while another performs the same down the mountain.
The video begins with the annual BMX biking event where several participants are gathered to begin their competitive event.
Several bikers begin biking on their bikes on curved slopes in the open air arena.
The bikers go over bumpy and hilly slopes in their gears and helmets.
There are several bikers beginning a race from the top of the biking slope.
They show off their stunts and skills as they speed through the obstacle course of the biking arena.
A man gets ready to to preform an event.
He begins to start running fast.
He is running down the lane and the he jumps 3 times into the sand.
He runs out of the pit happily.
He continues to walk around cheering as it cuts to the crowd and announcers.
He blows a kiss to the crowd.
He goes and starts hugging fans.
There are two people out on a snow tubing slope where one of them is video taping his experience of snow tubing with his friend.
There's a woman who picks up some ice that's fallen o the ground.
There are several people waiting in line to go snow tubing.
After they reach the top of the slope, they get into their tubes and begin sliding downhill.
They go down the snow covered slopes till they reach the bottom.
A camera shows a young child walking up a playground set with a dog wandering in the back.
The child climbs up a set of stairs and slides down a slide.
A group of people are dressed in ski gear, riding in a lift.
They are seen going down hills, skiing and throwing snow into the air.
a camera shows a group of people sitting around a gymnasium floor with a few standing and one crossing his arms.
Suddenly a student comes into frame and jumps over a pole into a mat.
A green race car comes into a pit stop.
The man with the jack lifts the car up.
The pit crew begins to work on the car by changing the front and rear tires of the car.
The jack man then takes the jack out as a man in a pink shirt comes in front of the camera.
A camera pans out a wooden table with a boy with glasses showing it off.
The boy pushes various pucks across the wooden board to see where it ends up.
The boy pushes several more pucks and the boy holding the camera walks to the end to show the results.
We see a ladies eye and noes up close.
We see the lady in the desert spinning hula hoops and performing tricks.
The lady hula hoops with 10 or so golden hula hoops.
The lady spins the hoop on her hand then transfers it to her leg stretched upward and we see her in the gold hoops again.
The lady spins her body in and out of the hoops and we see her in a handstand  with the hula hoop on her feet.
She is in the gold hoops as they fall to the ground she then spins  many pink hoops from her hands to her feet and as a skirt.
We see the ending credits.
Some supplies needed to shine shoes are shown.
An older man shines a shoe and talks about how he shines shoes and how he learned to shine shoes as a child.
The same man is shown shining another mans shoes.
The same man shines shoes in a shop while other people sit or walk around.
An old black and white photo is shown of a barber shop.
The older man shines another shoe and talks about shining shoes.
A different man is seen in the background walking away.
At the 2008 Olympics, a man prepares to lift a loaded barbell.
He bends down and works his way up with great effort, finally lifting the barbell over his head.
He drops the weights and they crash to the ground.
He celebrates and we see that the Olympian has set a record.
A camera zooms in on a person playing guitar and leads into a man speaking.
Several more shots of people playing guitar and guitars on walls are shown as well as the same man speaking to the camera.
There is a woman in a bikini walking past people with hula hoops.
She goes to the grass and she begins hooping in circles, she is having a really good time dancing and hooping.
Then, other people are dancing around and hooping also, doing tricks and just enjoying the day.
Everyone is watching as the two girls hoop around outside of the store.
An intro of titles eventually leads to an athlete holding a large amount of weights over his head.
The same man does another lit with his weights while another man watches in the background.
He throws the weights down and throws his arms up in the air to celebrate.
A boy sits a top a camel.
The camel begins to move with the help of a handler.
People appear in the background.
The young girl is speaking to the camera.
The girl is holding a hair curler.
The young woman is providing tips to other girls on how to curl their hair.
At the end of the video, the girl asks to like the video.
One group of adults are in a raft, paddling through the water with big waves.
The group hit each other's paddle like a high five and then continue to paddle through the river.
Other group of people are riding the rafts and stopped at the side of the river.
Someone is sleeping on a white couch.
They get up and do crunches on the floor.
They stand up and walk out the door.
Various text intros lead into several people running down a long track.
The camera captures the runners from several angles and leads into them performing jumps.
The runners continuously jump into the pit and end with text across the screen.
A man dressed as a referee is shown in a hockey rink.
A number of men play are shown playing hockey.
Several of the hockey players start a fight.
Two men on one knee demonstrate a hip flexxer stretch in a therapy gym.
The man wearing a black t-shirt uses the man wearing a green t-shirt as a model to demonstrate the hip flexxer stretch.
The man in the black t-shirt adjusts the man in the green -t shirt a into different positions by slight positioning of the foot, leg, hips and arms.
Several NHL players are playing a hockey game in a hockey stadium.
One of the player is shown expressing his anger at the game.
A news caster comes onto the screen to announce a a segment about hockey meltdowns.
The top ten hockey melt downs are then shown.
woman is in studio talking in the news holding a paintball gun and shot a wall.
a man and a woman are in a field doing shots and playing with the small pain balls.
they recharge the guns and are playing in a green backyard paintball practicing shots and wearing masks.
Two men are seen performing martial arts moves against one another and leads into a man speaking.
The man then demonstrates several martial arts moves with another man while still speaking to the camera.
The man continues these motions while stopping to demonstrate how it's properly done.
A man and a woman are performing a couple's dance routine while other couples dance around them.
A group of onlookers watch the couples spin around and continue the dance routine.
A woman with short hair and a white tank top is sitting in her bathroom talking about a cyclist who is going to shave his legs.
She stands up and shows the cycling team printed on her tank top.
She shows the viewers the type of razor she will be using.
There's a young man sitting on the bath tub along with the woman.
He washes his legs with baby soap and water and begins shaving his legs.
Then the woman takes the razor and helps her husband shave his legs.
A first person view is seen of a man riding a riding lawn mower.
He takes turns quickly, mowing the lawn.
He continues until the entire yard is mown.
An audience is sitting in the stands watching a game on the field.
These riders get on their horses and start trying to score for their team.
Someone makes it and one of the groups in the audience clap.
When the game is over the riders all shake each others hands.
A guy wearing a red plaid shirt is showing a tutorial on how to trim and prune trees in a garden.
He is using a pair of garden shears to chop off the excessive leaves grown on the trees.
He then demonstrates how to fertile the trees and shrubs by using some fertilizer balls.
He then used a liquid fertilizer on the trees and plants to fortify them.
He finally waters the trees and plants with a hose to complete the process.
A man speaks to the camera while another man sits on a piece of exercise equipment behind him.
The instructor continues moving around near the man and has him show how to machine works.
He points to his body showing the muscles worked and walks around the man exercising.
A camera pans around a group of people standing around each other with one spinning in circles.
A man pushing the spinning girl around and around and zooms in on a pinata.
The girl swings at the pinata blindfolded and a man jumps down to grab a piece of fallen candy.
The girl breaks open the pinata and several people run down to grab the candy.
A man is seen standing in a large field holding onto a tool.
The man then uses the tool on the grass in font of him quickly.
The man continues to cut the grass while the camera captures his movement.
There are several Seagull brand acoustic guitars are shown displayed in a store.
A man dressed in black, seated on a stool is playing the acoustic guitar in the store where the guitars are displayed.
The man continues playing the guitar.
There are several jockey riding brown horses in a stadium during a derby event.
There crowd is cheering loudly as they stand with straw hats and umbrellas.
The jockeys are getting ready to play polo as they move around with their sticks.
A woman cheers loudly in the camera.
The jockeys ride slowly around the field.
A large group of people are seen standing on a beach looking off into the distance.
Several shots are shown of people riding a surf board and others watching on the side.
More people are seen riding the waves in various shots.
A camera pans all around a vacuum close up and shows a person's feet.
The person walks around with the vacuum and pushes it along a rug.
More shots are shown of the person using the attachments on the camera as well as showing how it's made.
A video recap of a beach soccer game begins with an Argentinian goal off a deep pass.
The Brazilians follow up with a goal on a penalty kick, taken by an exuberant keeper.
The Argentinians steal a pass halfway across the sand field and take it down for a goal in the tight corner.
This is immediately followed by another goal from Argentina on a penalty kick.
Brazil finds itself down even more on another Argentinian goal on a beautiful pass and shot across the field.
To make matters worse, Argentina scores on a deep uncontested shot after that.
This game is far too easy for them, and they win by a large score.
There's a girl with long brown hair playing the harmonica in a hospital elevator.
The elevator door opens and several people enter the elevator.
She continues playing her harmonica.
There's a young boy and his mother who smile at the lady as she plays.
Then they get off the elevator when they reach their level.
The lady continues playing the harmonica as the elevator moves further and stops at other levels and more people walk in.
People continue to get on and off the elevator but she continues to play her harmonica.
A person enters the elevator with a man on a stretcher along with some other people.
They smile at her and compliment her.
They get off the elevator when they reach their desired level in the hospital.
A man is shown washing a dog with a water hose in a backyard with several flowers.
The camera pans around the wet dog as the man continues to wash him and he shakes off.
He pours more shampoo on the dog and rubs the shampoo into it's fur.
The boy in the red hat and the blue coat is being pulled in a red tube by a rope over some icy roads.
A man in a black hat has his turn with the tube.
A man in a grey hat hits a snow embankment with the tube.
A man goes up a snow hill in the tube.
More people begin sliding but this time it is with a small sled, not a tube.
A man lets go of the rope and hits an embankment of snow.
A group of friends sit on a couch together.
A woman is talking as she stands outside horse stables.
She talks as a client is riding one of her horses in a dirt field.
She discusses the form and positioning of the rider.
The rider takes the horse around for a trot while the woman watches.
A person is seen moving along a large court followed by other people moving around beside him.
Several people are seen running up and down the court while others watch on the side.
The people continue moving around while others watch them perform drills.
A girl starts to climb the monkey bars.
She starts climbing forward to the end.
She has difficulties in the middle of the bars.
A woman appears looking to help.
She finishes the climb very happy.
A measuring tape is shown up close.
We see a track person preparing to run.
He runs, taking a huge leap into the sand, landing on the number 18.
There's a woman in a yellow tank top and black tights doing jump rope in a gym.
She jumps in a rhythmic manner without stopping on the hardwood floor surface.
After she's done, a person standing in front of her gives her a thumbs up and cheers for her.
An ad for football appears on the screen.
Several men are playing football indoors.
They kick the ball back and forth while some people watch on the sidelines.
Several people are seen running around a field playing a game together.
The players cheer and speak to one another as well as showing more highlights of the game.
More clips are shown of people walking away and playing the game.
The race begins, one of the racer has a huge head start before the other even starts moving.
They begin to run again but this time the man who had the head start takes his time and the man in the blue runs fast and jumps in the sand.
He runs and jumps again, this time they show it again in slow motion.
He just keeps practicing his run and jump over and over trying to get it perfect.
A man is holding a wine glass and talking.
He takes a drink of the wine and sets the glass down.
He shows bottles that are sitting on a counter.
He pours oil into a pan on a stove.
He adds seasonings to the pan.
He stirs a pot that is on the stove.
He takes a scoop of what's in the pot and adds it to the pan.
He begins to stir the pasta that is in the pan.
He scoops the pasta out of the pan onto a plate.
He picks up his wine glass again.
A compilation/tribute video for a Hungarian discus throwing Olympian begins with some pictures of him in action.
An attempt with him twirling rapidly begins and the discus launches.
More photos play, showing the competitor in different positions.
Two straight attempts featuring a powerful spin result in the the discus flying far both times.
This is followed by more photos.
Another attempt plays, followed by another slate of photos.
The next attempt occurs in front of a large green net, the discus is launched like a rocket and the thrower celebrates.
Another set of photos close the montage.
People sits on steps, after people are on boats in a river.
An adult and several teen in canoes holds paddles.
The man shows the teens how to move the oars.
The teens follow the instructions of the man and row the oars.
We see a GoPro opening screen.
We see a lady walking with a raft into a river.
We see people riding rafts in the river.
We see a mans's legs and the lady rides past.
We see the lady handing a beverage in a can to the cameraman.
The cameraman goes under a branch that is across the water.
We then see the GoPro ending scene.
A man is water skiing behind a boat on a lake.
Some people show up on the screen who are watching and recording.
The water skier tries to do a flip and ends up crashing into the water.
Text appears on the screen with a link.
People in uniform march down the street.
It cuts to the crowd looking on.
A marchign band begins to walk down the street.
Another set of uniformed people walk down the street.
They stop and wave to the crowd.
It goes back to the marching band.
A horse and carriage walk down the street followed by the people in uniform.
Two woman wave flags around.
The rest of the people continue to march down the street.
Two girls holding pom poms perform a dance routine in a gymnasium.
Several people are shown watching in the background while the girls continue to do flexible moves.
The grab canes and continue spinning the canes while doing splits and various other dance moves.
a man and a woman are arm wrestling on top of a table in middle of stage and the woman wins.
people are in stands around the stage watching the competition.
Two sumo wrestlers are shown on a set with hundreds of people watching in the back taking pictures.
The video continues to show several different athletes fighting in a ring and pulling the other down within a matter of seconds.
A camera zooms in on a person riding in a tube.
More people are seen riding in tubes behind the man.
The people continue to ride around the area down the river.
This woman is showing viewers how she makes a cheesecake shot.
First she puts 3 quarters of an ounce of Baileys and the same amount of pineapple juice.
Then she puts a quarter ounce of another liquid and she gets a 2 ounce shot glass and strains the drink from the ice in the shaker to put it into the glass.
A person is seen using a piece of exercise equipment moving up and down on the machine.
The camera pans all around the man using the machine and zooms all around the man moving around.
Two side by side videos are shown of a man in slow motion playing frisbee and doing tricks with a dog.
The same man is shown again performing various tricks with his dog that are shown in real time as well as slow motion.
We see a man putting on gear and then hockey player walking to the rink.
We see the crowd clapping.
We see a game of hockey being played.
We see people clapping in the crowd.
A man's hand is shaken and see the whole team on the ice.
A tattoo salon has displayed a metallic blue motor cycle.
there's a person sitting on the counter of the salon.
A customer walks in and gives a child's picture to the tattoo artist.
The tattoo artist traces the child's picture on a paper.
Then he cleans the client's arms with alcohol.
The artist wears a pair of latex gloves and begins tattooing the client's arm.
He replicates the image traced from the picture on the client's arm along with some additional designs.
He then takes a picture of the client's tattooed arm on a cellphone.
A woman in red is practicing to jump in the sand, She runs a little and jumps in the sand again.
Then she starts to try from further back, sprinting and jumping into the sand.
She starts to jump over little stands next and then another man joins in to practice with her.
Then, an actual race begins and everyone is racing along.
Two people are horseback riding on a snowy trail.
As they are riding they pass a set of glass igloos planted on the estate.
They reach a clearing where there is open land and several trees.
There is a lady dog trainer dressed in a blue hoodie playing with a black and white dog in a park.
She is throwing a Frisbee to the dog and makes the dog fetch it for her.
The dog runs every time she throws the Frisbee at a distance and fetches it for her.
The doh jumps high up to grab the Frisbee off her hand.
He dog even jumps over the lady when she is laying on the ground.
He continues to run and fetch the Frisbee for the lady as she throws multiple Frisbee.
The same lady is now wearing an orange shirt and is throwing the Frisbee to the dog.
The dog continues to jump and catch the Frisbee in his mouth.
A close up of a cat is seen sitting in a person's lap.
The person then grabs a pair of clippers and begins cutting the nails of the cat.
He continues cutting the nails and shows off the cat paws in the end.
A couple of large balloons are floating over the ocean water.
Competitor boaters are shown racing in the water.
They paddle quickly toward the finish mark.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera while a group of people sit in tubes around her.
The other people smile and wave to the camera while showing off the other tubes.
The people continue to ride around the water while the camera pans all around their movements.
a woman lights a cigarette in front of the camera.
She takes a big pull off the cigarette.
She blows smoke at the camera and smiles.
She takes another pull of the cigarette and blows smoke out.
She plays with her hair.
Then she continues to smoke the cigarette while looking around.
A man sitting in a kayak pushing himself around swirling water using his paddles for support.
The man flips several times in the water attempting to break free and he eventually does.
There's a young girl standing in her bathroom doing a tutorial on how to apply lipstick.
she opens her mirror cabinet and takes her lipstick out.
She begins applying the lipstick on her lips.
Then she uses the same lipstick and dabs it on her cheeks.
She uses her fingers to smear the lipstick evenly on her cheek bones.
Then she pouts and smiles for the camera, striking a pose.
A man walks over and chalks his hands.
The man walks the bars, stretches and stands there.
The man mounts the bars and begins to spin.
The man flips and dismounts.
The man walks away from the bars.
A male gymnast wearing a blue leotard is doing gymnastics on a horse bar.
He is performing in an indoor stadium full of spectators.
He continues to excel in doing his moves steadily on the horse bar.
After he's done, he gets off the bar and one of the coaches hugs him as the crowd cheers for him.
Swimmers are swimming to one side of the pool and then they stop briefly.
Some swimmers on the side lines are watching them.
They start throwing a ball back and forth around.
A man in the corner of the pool tries to catch the ball and misses it.
A group of people are shown rollerblading in Paris.
They are moving slowly and there are a lot of them as some of them look into the camera as they pass.
The procession continues as spectators look onward.
The video cuts to a side angle of the rollerbladers passing by.
Another side shot is shown and a cop car and several escort vehicles come into view as the video fades to black.
A group of kids are riding in bumper cars.
They spin and move, hitting each other.
The kids smile and laugh at each other as they collide.
A woman wearing a leopard print jacket is sitting with a man in a hookah bar.
The man kisses her as he leans forward.
She is holding the hookah in her hand ready to take her first puff.
After she inhales the hookah, she puffs out some smoke and coughs in discomfort.
A group of girls are sitting in an old car while a large group of cars behind them move around.
Other people are shown wearing christmas attire and dancing in the streets of the car.
A band is playing by a group of kids while the parade follows them full of people dancing.
A man get out a home while a dog follows him.
Then a toddler get out the home, stand on the border of the swimming pool an falls in the water.
The baby floats face up, then a man comes and take the baby.
A woman puts a baby in the swimming pool, and the baby swims fast to reach the border of the swimming pool.
A woman puts the baby in the swimming pool who swings and floats.
A close up of a fooseball table is shown as well as people playing on the table.
The game continues on as the people use the bars to move the game as the ball moves back and fourth.
A boy speaks to a camera while holding a lacrosse stick and hitting balls into a net.
The boy throws several balls into the net over and over again hitting directly into the net.
A long colorful scarf is seen running over chairs.
A woman is seen knitting the scarf in a purple dress.
Three other woman sit together and knit a section of the scarf.
A man is shown wearing a helmet and climbing up on a rock wall.
He continues to work his way up the rock wall while the camera captures his movements and panning around the mountains and water around them.
The climber checks his rope and shakes the clip off of his rope.
A ball is shown swinging around followed by shots of scenery and people getting ready.
A man records an athlete holding the ball and sitting on a bench.
Various people are shown getting ready to perform followed by several people swinging the balls.
Eventually several different women are shown performing the task while also warming up their throws.
There's a man standing in a kitchen and washing his hands in steel kitchen sink.
He takes a pump from the liquid hand soap from the sink counter.
He then turns on the water and and washes his hands.
After he's done washing, he uses a white hand towel that is lying next to the sink on the counter.
An introduction is shown for a video about how to clean running spikes.
A guy explains that he will clean the spikes while showing the dirt on the spikes.
He begins by brushing mud off the spikes into a sink.
He puts a small amount of water into the sink and continues scrubbing.
He takes them out of the sink and puts some newspaper inside the shows to help them dry.
A man is kayaking on water and moving his arms back and fourth quickly.
The camera follows him moving through the water and eventually works his way towards a bridge.
A woman is standing in front of a washer and dryer in a laundry room.
Step by step instructions are given for ironing clothes.
She shows how to prepare and iron clothing using a rag and steam.
Several men are playing soccer in a gym.
There are some spectators in the background.
Another group of men are playing soccer.
There are spectators in the background.
Various scenes of soccer matches are shown with spectators.
There's a man in a gym using an elliptical machine.
He is wearing a pair of black track pants, black shirt and a cap.
He demonstrates how to use the elliptical correctly to maintain a consistent speed.
A little girl does an introduction for a video of herself playing the violin.
She begins to play the violin in a joyful and professional manner.
She begins to pick up the speed of the song.
When she is done playing she explains that the piece she just played.
A woman grooms an angry poodle who is collared and tethered to a pole attached to a black grooming table.
A brown poodle is being combed by a woman in a yellow walled room on a black grooming table.
The woman holds out a pink plastic toy which the dog begins to bite, snap and grab at while the woman combs the poodles fur.
The poodle continues to snap at the pink toy and also at the woman's hand and the comb.
A man sits at a table and a woman moves a box from him.
He puts his hands on the table then begins to solve a rubix cube.
The timer continues as he solves the cube.
An introduction comes onto the screen for a video about how to play different songs on the violin.
A man comes onto the screen with a violin and begins to explain different techniques for playing the violin.
He moves closer to the camera so that you can see the detail of what he is doing with his hands.
He begins to play different notes on the violin as he moves his fingers.
The video ends with the closing credits shown across the screen.
A person is showing off a scrubbing brush and cleaner and pouring the clearing into a sink.
He scrubs the sink with the brush creating suds in the water while the facet runs.
He continues scrubbing the sink with the brush until the sink is clean.
He wipes a paper towel around the sink with the water continues to run.
A man is shown sanding a wall and laying out a large piece of water paper across the wall.
He continues pushing the paper into the wall and sanding it from behind.
A young female gymnast wearing red prepares for her balance beam routine in the Olympics.
The female gymnast runs to the springboard and jumps from it to the balance beam.
The female gymnast then does her tumbling routine on the balance beam while commentators explain what she is doing and how difficult it is.
A huge crowd watches and cheers the gymnast on.
An Asian man walks to the balance beam and pulls the springboard away from the beam.
The gymnast performs a difficult tumbling sequence and the crowd cheers louder than before.
People in the crowd that is watching the gymnast enter the gym and find seats while others stand up and exit the gym.
Another female gymnast walks past the balance beam in the background.
The female gymnast prepares for her dismount.
The female gymnast runs and completes a tumbling sequence to exit the balance beam.
The female gymnast lands perfectly and throws her arms straight up in the air with a huge smile on her face Other gymnasts in the background watch and clap.
A large group of photographers watch and take photographs of the gymnast.
The gymnast waves while spinning in a circle and then runs to the side of the gym floor.
Three Asian gymnasts in yellow watch and clap without smiling.
The gymnast in red hugs and talks to her other teammates and her coach while several photographers take photos of her.
The commentators replay several of the gymnasts more difficult tumbling sequences and her dismount in slow motion while explaining what she is doing.
The female gymnast hugs another coach and another one of her teammates while a man films them with a large camera.
All of the gymnasts on the United States team and their coaches walk through the gym while the crowd cheers very loudly.
Several gymnasts from other teams also walk past.
The female gymnast talks with her team while waiting for her score to be displayed.
A young man is wearing headphones and standing in front of a microphone.
He begins playing the violin.
He closes his eyes, listening to himself as he plays.
A man wearing a white shirt and a camouflage print hat and ear and lip piercings is demonstrating how to do permanent tattoos.
He shows how he shaves the client's arm with a razor and rubs some alcohol on it to prep the skin.
Then he places a stencil on the client's arm to lay down the outline of the tattoo.
Then he applies some cream over the skin to minimize bleeding.
He begins to use the tattoo machine to draw on the tattoo over the outline.
He also shows how he uses different colors to fill in the outline of the design.
He then completes the tattoo as per the client's specifications.
A person's hand is seen throwing several darts onto a board on the other side of the room.
The camera then moves closer to the board and zooms in on the location of where the darts are thrown.
A woman is shown preparing to lift a barbell into the air.
She lifts it into the air and above her head.
She drops the barbell to the ground.
She bows for the crowd and blows them a kiss.
She then walks off stage.
A camera pans around an athletic field with various people warming up and holding sticks.
A girl holding a stick is spoken to by an instructor and she runs through and throws the pole.
She walks back while another grabs a rope to estimate her distance.
An introduction comes onto the screen for a video about how to ski.
A man begins to talk about some key components of skiing and how to go about learning how to ski.
The video then goes to video of people skiing down a slope while twisting and turning from side to side.
A scene is shown of three men talking while riding up the ski lift.
The closing credits and graphics are shown at the end.
A man in a blue polo speaks to the camera.
In a different setting, the man is instructing a blonde woman on how to perform sit ups.
The woman does sit ups.
The man returns to speak to the camera.
A group of men are playing volleyball on the beach, 3 on one side, and 2 on the other side.
One team attempts to serve and it crashes into the net.
The other (shorthanded) team sends its own serve, a simple lob, but the opposing team knock their return out of bounds.
There's a man coming out of his garage with an electrical leaf blower.
He begins blowing the leaves off of his yard for fall cleanup.
He walks around his yard with the blower as he cleans the leaves.
There two men dressed Scottish kilts and attire standing in the courtyard.
One of the men is playing the bagpipes and the other is playing the drums.
A woman tourist walks past them as they continue to play.
A couple girls are seen riding down a long slide in the middle of a park.
More children ride down the slide while a mother helps the kids at the top.
A stopwatch is shown and a crowd gathers for a game of field hockey.
The documentary features the voice of a former player as archival footage is shown in color.
Photos and video in black and white depicts the history of the game.
The documentary then focuses on a famous player.
After that, a famous manager is highlighted and former players talk about him.
There's a person named Michael from the Wild flower Tool company who is doing a tutorial on telescopic head shears for gardening.
He demonstrates the several features of the shears such as extendable handles.
He is standing near a big hedge in a garden.
He shows how to use the shears by cutting off some of the branches of the hedge.
He then extends the handles of the shears to show how far he can reach hard to reach places on top of the hedge.
A small group of people are seen sitting in a raft with close ups of their feet and paddles are shown.
A man speaks to the group and leads into them paddling down a river.
The group continues riding down the river showing close ups of them working and ending with a logo across the screen.
A man wearing a black hat plays guitar for the camera to see.
He continues strumming his fingers and moving his hands around the instrument until the song ends as well as the video.
A girl holds up a white piece of paper and it has a drawing on it that is done in black ink.
The girl then turns around and the video is sped up to show her drawing on a pumpkin near a kitchen while multiple people are moving about around her.
The girl finishes the drawing and she begins to carve the design out of the pumpkin while the video is still in a sped up mode.
The pumpkin is now done being carved and it appears on a black screen with just the carved out area illuminating in an orange color.
The girl appears again holding up the white paper, runs out of the room and the screen goes back to black with just the pumpkin illuminating.
A person's hands are seen cutting a piece of paper with scissors and then wrapping a box with paper.
She tapes down the present and ties it in a bowl, finishes by cutting the excess string and placing a tag on top.
The video starts with a curling game being shown from overhead.
The camera then shows a lady skating across the ice.
Then the camera focuses back onto the curling game showing a lady about to shoot.
They return to the overhead angle of the game while the lady prepares to shoot.
Other players are shown watching in anticipation.
The player makes the shot and the camera follows along.
The crowd cheers and a replay of the shot is shown.
An intro shows on the screen introducing a winter throwing video.
A man does spins around in a circle and completes the throw celebrating his distance.
He prepares for another throw by getting himself into position.
He completes the throw and prepares for another.
He completes the next throw and prepares for the next.
He completes the last throw and again celebrates a good distance.
The video ends with text displayed on the screen.
A set of toddler boys are standing up against the wall talking and playing with toothbrushes.
They both begin to brush their teeth ferociously without any toothpaste or water.
An "eesa" logo is shown on screen.
Two men wearing scuba diving gear in an indoor pool talk to the camera.
The camera follows one of the men underwater where numerous manmade obstacles are present.
Other men dressed like astronauts are underwater with them.
The scuba divers wave goodbye and credits roll.
A man and a woman perform various dance moves back and fourth in an empty room.
The couple continue to spin and perform the tango routine while the man spins her around behind him.
An empty room is shown with yellow tile.
A man in a white shirt is painting a wall.
He turns around and looks at the camera.
A boy in grey throws a ball  at a a kid on the other side of the court.
A boy in blue does an extraordinary flip in the air after catching the ball and lands.
He throws the ball back at the other kid after landing.
They are being watched by a group of kids standing behind them.
A man is shown staring off into the distance while another holds a ball at a beer pong table.
The camera shows the ball hitting the table and landing into the cup on the other side.
The first man looks down at the cup and grimaces at what he sees.
We see a man in a driveway cleaning snow from his car.
The man cleans the snow under his windshield wipers.
We see the building behind the car.
We do a 360 spin to see the parking lot.
The man opens the doors on his car and gets in.
The man backs out and and gets out of the car.
A man explains while stands on a fenced court.
Then, the man dance hip hop, and then explain doing hip hop demonstrations.
After, the man sit on the floor and raise his body with her hands, the spins the legs to do hip hop movements.
A crowd of people watch as two bulls fight each other in a competition.
The camera pans over to show many people in the crowd watching the show.
A man walks by the camera.
Several people are getting close to the bull trying to catch the action.
The bulls begin to chase each other around the field.
A little girl swings across the monkey bars on a playground.
Her mother talks as she watches her slide to the ground and start again.
A still shot picture of a man appears while a lot of white words go scrolling from the bottom to the top.
The man is now in an enclosed ad small racquetball court area and he's going through the motions of hitting a ball with his racquet with the words "not recommended" in the upper left corner.
A screen quickly appears and it has white text that say "please subscribe to this youtube channel".
The man is then shown again playing racquetball on the court until the outro screen appears and it includes a lot of white wording that is scrolling from the bottom to the top.
A man and a woman wearing roller blades kneel facing each other on a basketball court.
A dog runs by the man and woman.
the man and woman rise together.
The man and woman perform a paired roller blade routine.
The man and woman finish the routine and move towards the camera.
A man is shown performing a song at Google's London offices.
They are standing inside of an office space and playing the flute.
The man starts really getting into it and cheering very passionately a people look on.
A close up is shown of him playing over and over.
he then ends the song to a round of applause and walks out of the frame.
There are two men boxing in an indoor boxing room that has mirrors on one entire wall.
There is another person standing in the same room who is video taping them fight.
The boxer in the red shorts punches the boxer in the black shorts.
The boxer in black falls down and lands on his back and groans.
Then he stands right back up while the boxer in red walks around him.
A young girl is seen sitting on a bed with two knitting needles and thread in her hands.
The camera pans around her and watches her knit while she speaks and looks off into the distance.
A woman is shown hosting a news segment when the camera pans to sunscreen news.
Several people are shown on a beach and interviewed by a reporter on sunscreen.
Bottles are shown containing sunscreen and people putting it on.
The reporter talks to people and pans back to shirts used for sunscreen and people traveling around the world.
A man touches his faces and waves.
The man walks a mower across very tall growing grass.
A man is showing washing his face with water into a sink and putting lotion into his hand.
He rubs the soap together in his hands and massages into his face thoroughly.
He then wipes his face off with a towel and speaking to the camera and pouring more lotion.
He once again presses the lotion into his face and a recap is shown of his face.
A man serves a tennis ball when playing tennis with a person in a tennis court.
Then, the man serves again to a person behind the net, while a player stands next to him.
After, the man serves a ball but nobody is behind the net.
There are two teenage boys playing and solving the Rubic's cube.
Another small boy comes in there and takes a look at the camera.
The teenagers are competing against each other to solve the cube.
They both finish almost at the same time and solve the Rubic's cube.
They proudly show off their skills in the camera.
The video leads into several clips of young children practicing gymnastic moves in a large gym.
The video continues on with the kids flipping and jumping around on the mats.
An athletic man is seen stepping up to a circle and throwing an object off into the distance.
His throw is shown again while others measure his throw on the side.
The man grabs a flag and walks around the arena.
A man is painting the something on the floor green.
She stroke up and down repeatedly trying to make sure he doesn't miss any spots in the area.
He stands up a bit and looks at the piece for a little before dunking his brush back in the paint and starting again.
He moves along to parts he hasn't yet gone over to paint.
A man stands over a roof of a house and puts a took on the roof.
Then, the man holds the handle of a tool with one hand.
The man holds the handle with two hands, then he continues holding the tool with one hand.
A young man named Sean wearing a beanie hat and black earring studs.
He is demonstrating how to pierce his ear with stud earrings.
He expresses severe pain as he tries to pierce his ear lobe.
He takes an ice cube to soothe his ear lobe.
Then he uses a cigarette lighter to heat the earring to sanitize it.
He tries using a thumbtack to help the piercing but ends up causing severe bleeding in his ear.
He then tries a rubber mallet to force the earring in.
He cries and sobs in pain at his unsuccessful attempt of piercing his own ear lobe.
A man in a suit reads off of a paper.
A woman then begins to report a news story.
A young boy plays the harmonica on the street.
He stands on a dock telling his story.
Inside of the house on the couch two men are sitting, one of them is talking casually awhile the other is holding his arm out on a pillow.
The man is painting his friends finger nails, he seems to have done someone else's nails also and made little red heart.
The man is talking and pretty excited her able to do this, he keeps putting the top of the polish back to get more paint on it.
He jokingly rubs the other mans face, and continues to take his time painting his nails.
A man is shown holding a knife while taking to the camera and smiling.
He begins cutting the tomato laid out on the table in various sections.
He then sharpens the knife on the machine next to the vegetable and shows how much better it works.
A man wearing a white fencing outfit walks over to a woman in leather with her hands tied together.
He holds her waist and speaks to her while watching the men fence behind them.
They speak to another couple defiantly and the men prepare to fight.
The men fence back and fourth when the older gentleman pinches his eyes and fight again.
The men become agitated and one leaves with shirt off.
An elderly woman pans to the camera and does various hand movements on the floor.
The woman grabs several items of clothing and shows how she washes them in the sink.
She holds a bar of soap and rubs it all over the clothes and dips it into the water.
She continues cleaning the clothes off in the water and showing how she cleans her clothes.
A man displays martial arts moves in a movie clip that shows the man fighting different people in several different locations in a city backdrop.
A man is escorted into a room and left alone until he is attacked, violently, by a man who appears suddenly in the room with him, the two fight.
The man is then shown in several other locations fighting with different men using martial arts skills until the clip fades to a marketing invitation to subscribe.
A large group of Navy soldiers are shown on a dock playing a game of tug of war.
On one side of the rope is a team pulling as hard as they can while being cheered on.
Another Navy soldier is shown taking pictures of the game.
The other side of the rope is shown.
One team is pulled over a red line on the ground, ending the game.
The men stand up to relax.
A woman standing outside on the roof smoking a cigarette.
She blows smoke and plays around with her hair.
She keeps smoking and blowing smoking casually all by her lonesome.
She exhales one last time and then put her cigarette out on a wall.
A man holding an ice scraper is pushing ice off of his car while the camera zoom in.
The camera shows his hands mutiple times close up gradually pushing piece by piece of ice off.
A young boy is shown speaking to the camera and eventually shows his hands moving objects.
He places the objects together and begins shaving the sides with a sharp knife.
He continues sharpening the object and shows the knife running across his bare skin.
A camera pans over a sink full of dishes followed by a woman jogging over.
She dances with the dishes and looks into the camera while she does them.
A timer counts down how many dishes she's washed and she smiles to the camera.
An athlete in black shirt gives instructions for a practice drill while standing on a large sporting field.
The man sets up for an exercise and squats up and down for practice.
The man jumps multiple times and goes further each jump.
The man bends down and touches the ground while twisting.
The man gives more instructions on a practice run while giving hand gestures.
The man sets up on the edge of a line and jumps with one foot, then repeats.
The man gives a final set of instructions while breathing heavy.
A set of text is seen with information.
A young boy jokes around sitting at a drum set.
A boy plays a drum set at home.
The parents watch the boy play the drums.
A group of people are under a covering.
They are riding around in a series of bumper cars.
The cars bump into each other as they drive around.
There's a woman dressed in a sparkly golden dress is eating a Magnum chocolate truffle ice cream bar.
She talks about her favorite flavor being chocolate.
She takes a bite off the ice cream bar as she savors the rich flavor.
She answers questions about needing to have down time as an actor and enjoying her favorite ice cream bar.
The video ends with a decadent chocolate ice cream bar being drizzled with rich chocolate.
There is a boy sitting on the bed showing off his sunburn and putting cream on it.
A friend is shaking his head because of the other guy's sunburn.
The friend lifts his shirt to show his sunburn as well.
The camera pans around room and back to the first guy.
A girl walks by carrying a plate, puts it on the table and does a dance.
The camera pans to a mirror with two men standing in it with a phone and waving.
The camera looks over the balcony of the room.
A woman puts a plate of food on a table and a man walks back inside.
The sunburned man is taking his shirt off and laying it on the bed.
His friends help him with cream on his sunburn.
The woman is sitting at the table eating.
A man is shown smoking a cigarette continuously blowing smoke out of his mouth and looking into the camera.
He puts sunglasses on and continues taking puffs off the cigarette.
He pans the camera to a crack in the floor and back to his face smoking outside.
A man is strumming away on his guitar aggressively.
Another man with a blue guitar is playing and knocking around all over his guitar.
A man in a red shirt who has an electric guitar is tapping his foot keeping tempo and playing a tune.
He plays up and down a scale or tune.
An animation demonstrating the arc length of a welding type tool emitting heat.
A demonstration of the tool emitting heat in real time.
A graph illustrating the Long Arc of the tool documenting Voltage and Amperage.
The tool is shown in real time emitting heat with a photo of a welded material.
A graph illustrates Short Arc with the Voltage and Amperage documented.
A man in a blue coat and orange gloves uses the arc tool.
Two women are in front of a camera, the woman in the red shirt is speaking.
The women both put something from a cup in there mouths.
The woman in red begins to dance.
The woman in black makes a face to the camera.
Both girls bend over a bit in front of the camera.
The woman in red stops dancing and begins to laugh and the woman in black does this as well.
It appears that both women either swallow or spit out whatever was in their mouths.
Two girls are shown raking up leaves in a yard while continuously talking to the camera.
The older girl shows the younger one how to rake while another girl stands by and watches on a nearby slide.
The camera zooms in on the younger girl and watches her rake up the leaves.
A video begins showing a man and woman holding each other and moving back and fourth.
The couple moves their feet back and fourth while the man speaks to the camera.
The woman eventually speaks the camera while performing several different dance moves for the camera to see.
A woman is holding a cat onto a table.
She starts clipping the cats nails with a tool.
She finishes and pets the cat.
A baby is shown laying in bed while a comb gently brushes it's hair.
The baby eventually smiling while the hand continues to brush the baby's head.
The baby gently closes it's eyes and yawns while the brush continues to comb.
We see an opening screen and a man runs and does a high jump at fifteen feet.
We see a man jump the high jump on a track at various height with lots of cut scenes.
We see seventeen and a still of the man.
We see fifteen nine scroll across the screen.
We see a series of still of the man and sixteen six.
Seventeen two scrolls across the screen.
We see seventeen nine scroll across the screen.
We then see the ending credits.
A small child is shown playing drums while a group of people behind him watch and smile.
The boy continues to play the drums and a baby in the arms of a man behind him climbs off his lap.
A web address is displayed on the slide.
The name of a sunscreen is shown.
The sunscreen bottle is shown.
The price of the sunscreen is shown.
The sunscreen bottle is presented.
An information guideline is shown.
A title page pans into hands holding a paint brush with a portrait in the background.
She holds another picture beside her and pushes the brush into paint.
She then begins painting the picture and adding more color to the portrait.
A woman is playing a violin on the street while various people walk around here and behind her.
She smiles into the camera while playing and continues playing the song while several people bend down to tip her and walk around her.
An older man is shown cleaning off a car in front of a home with a snow scraper.
The camera pans around the car while the older man continues to push snow off of it.
A man in grey shirt applies plaster with a handheld spatula to the interior wall of a building.
The main points to the corners of the room to show the line he is working.
The man in applies more plaster the the wall and covers more area.
The man in grey stops to discuss with his partner.
The man in grey along with his partner begin to apply a coating on the wall together.
The man in grey watches and gives tips to his friend.
The man in grey and the friend both apply plaster together higher up on the wall and ceiling.
A man is on a diving board and begins to jump on the board once.
The man goes into the air and does a forward roll in the air.
The man then starts descending into the water from the top of his jump.
The man lands into the water as it splashes and makes the move to come back to the surface.
The players are holding a flat bat and running towards the balls.
The players bounced the balls on the bat, some of them picked up the balls from the ground using the bat.
The girl in blue jacket bounced the ball on her bat and she walked forward, but the ball fall on the ground.
A girl in the black vest is picking up the ball from the ground using her bat.
Two girls walked normally without chasing the balls.
A girl on the field is trying to pick up the ball.
The players are lined up and ready to pick up the balls from the ground using their bats.
The players started to bounce their balls on their bat while running forward, some of the balls fell down on the ground and the players have to pick them up using the bat.
A person is video taping a bull fighting event from his television set.
The bull fighting scene is in a large open arena which is filled with thousands of spectators who are cheering.
The two raging bulls are butting heads constantly while the matadors are trying to contain the bulls within a specified zone.
The crowd continues to cheer as the event goes on.
A boy is shown swinging on a piece of gymnastic equipment with others training in the background.
The camera shows several shots of different boys swinging on the equipment around and around with the camera panning to different angles.
Various shots of landscapes are shown as well as people pushing a puck to play shuffleboard.
More shots of the game are shown as well as text instructions on how to play.
A man keeps score and leads into more shots of the game being played.
A man is talking to the camera as he gets ready to ride the bumper cars.
The man rides around in the bumper car bumping in to the other people while the camera watches.
The camera zooms in on the people for a closer look.
The ride ends and the people get out of the bumper cars.
A woman holds the back section of a girls hair while she gets ready to style it.
The woman uses a single pick comb to separate strands of hair.
The woman clips back sections of hair.
The woman pulls on strands of hairs to get them straightened out.
The woman braids them the strands of hair together.
A woman is doing some exercise on a machine.
She is going at a pretty fast speed, you can see her get off and then get back on again.
She places her hands around a piece and it allows her to she her stride and speed as well as her heartbeat and stuff.
She changes the her speed and drink some water and keeps on going.
A man is standing in front of a table.
He is holding a potato and peeler over a bowl.
He peels the potato one strip at a time.
There is a boy sitting on a beach building sand castles with a water bottle and a sand bucket.
Another little boy wearing a pink float comes running and joins him.
The boy pours some water on the sand castle.
Then a girls wearing a pink floral bathing suit joins the boys and helps them build the sand castle.
A close up of a mat is shown surrounded by pucks and a stick sitting in the middle.
The camera pans to people pushing the puck along the ice followed by a person pushing the puck into the middle.
A woman and man dancing provocatively outside of a restaurant.
She is wearing a very sexy short dress and kicking her legs up and down in heels.
People are walking out od the restaurant.
One of the workers is sitting on a stool smoking until they end their dance on the ground.
People begin to dive into an empty pool and you see them underneath the water.
Then, above from the dive board two swimmers are standing by and one of them dives in.
A group of kids holding the camera film themselves diving in and doing cool tricks and flips into the pool.
From very high above they record their view from the top to the water and the swim once they're in.
Two girls are practicing dance moves in front of their television set in their living room.
One of the girls is wearing a red shirt and the other is wearing a dark blue shirt.
They are practicing ball room dancing.
they take turns to swing and twirl around each other's hands as they go around in circles.
They also follow a pattern of their leg movements as they follow the steps rhythmically.
After they finish, they both giggle and walk away.
Several women are kneeling on the ground and working on preparing a soup.
One of the women picks out some of the food from the grater.
A woman slices some of the white vegetable into a yellow bowl.
An athlete is seen walking up to a set of uneven bars and begins performing a gymnastics routine on the bars.
He continues moving around on the bars and ends by jumping down on the side with his arms out.
There are two men dressed in white shirts wearing hats doing freestyle wrestling in an indoor stadium.
There are several spectators watching them, some sitting on chairs and some sitting on the ground.
There are some people seated on chairs playing various hand instruments and singing to cheer the fighters.
The two men continue wrestling in a non aggressive manner by taking turns to attack the opponent.
They continue fighting as one man does a front flip.
In the final round, they speed up the fight with faster kicks and motion.
There's a little baby wearing a purple bib seated on a high chair holding and sucking on a Popsicle.
The baby licks the Popsicle several times and then throws it down.
A man in bathing suit and his wife float down a river on intertubes.
The man falls from his intertube and walks over to the waters edge.
The man, now wearing life jacket, with his wife float down a river in the middle of a large group.
A group from behind floats next to the man and woman as they slow down near the side of the river.
