She finishes and the little boy smiles.
the lady backs away and the child puts a pacifier in his mouth.
An intro leads into a tall man wearing a santa costume and skating down a long street in between people.
The camera follows him riding around the city and performing various tricks and maneuvers around cars and people.
A girl is doing back flips on a blue mat.
A girl does the splits in the air.
People are laying down on the mat next to her.
She does several flips on a trampoline.
A strong young man is standing in a large open green field preparing to throw a shot put.
Once he throws the ball,a man runs out to mark the distance and he walks to the tent and takes the tape off of his wrist.
Another man who is slightly shorter and larger approaches the circle and does the same thing followed by another person.
All three of the men are finished and there scores shown.
Boys get out a train and walk in the street holding surfboards.
They, the boys surf in a choppy river in a city.
A boy put his surfboard on the rives,jump on and surf, then fell, also other boys surf.
After, the boys are inside a train.
a man is crouched next to a girl on the beach.
They are putting sand into a pile.
They are trying to build a sand castle.
A girl is outside on a boat dock holding a three hula hoops in her hands.
She starts swinging them in her hand,around her legs,wrist,and neck and stops briefly to adjust the camera.
The young lady then appears again with twenty to thirty hula hoops around her body swinging them back and forth before advising you to subscribe to a channel.
We see a man mopping a floor under women's feet.
The middle lady uses her foot to move the mop.
The left lady then moves the mop with her foot.
The middle lady does it again then the man finishes mopping the floor.
A woman is shown outside high five two kids that are playing near her.
The woman helps the girl down and jumps along the ground until she falls.
An athletic man is seen steeping up to a set of uneven bars and puts his arms up to present he's ready.
The man continues to spin himself around performing flips and tricks on the uneven bars.
The man continues to flip around and ends by wobbling but putts his hands up to finish.
A boy sits at a kitchen counter and adjusts the camera.
His friend moves the camera back so they are more visible.
The two boys then arm wrestle and the left boy wins both times.
The right boy walks away and the left boy reaches for the camera.
A man is painting the wood with brush, the wood is being shown.
The man is painting the fence with brown paint, then painting the table.
The man mixed the paint and then began painting the wooden table, then he clean up the floor and brush it.
The boy is opening the box.
He then removes the bike.
He is removing the packaging.
He is assembling the bike.
We see images of the bike.
The Subscribe page shows up.
Several people are gathered at a lake.
Images are shown of the people posing with and flying kites.
They are then seen flying the kites on a beach.
A man l dead lifts a weight bar from the ground over his head in a gym.
The man does repetitions lifting a weight bar up off the ground to waist level.
An intro leads into several shots of skateboarders riding around on rails in a large city.
The camera follows these borders closely as they perform tricks up stairs and over benches.
The men continue skating on and ends with a police woman smiling and giving a thumbs up to the camera.
A man is standing in a living room.
He is using his hands to beat a set of drums.
He continues playing for the rest of the video.
A brunette woman newscaster is wearing a white shirt and royal blue blazer over it and is speaking into the camera.
A clip begins and it features people running and the words on the screen say they are novices who are training to run a marathon in Tel Aviv, Israel.
A man appears training them and different marathoners in training take turns being interviewed while they continue to switch back and forth to everyone going through the training.
The last clip is the view from the start of a marathon and hundreds of people start running as they leave the start line.
A girl and a man are practicing boxing in a gym.
There is a punching bag swinging in the background.
The girl and man move around the floor swinging at each other.
A pier is shown at a beach, with people walking alongside it.
Many pictures are shown of a woman tying up a pair of skates.
She skates and we see bikes, people riding them, palm trees, and ferris wheels.
We follow the woman as she skates alongside surfboards and other people.
Two cats are seen laying on a bed facing one another.
One cat then begins to lick the other.
The first cat then stops and the other licks afterwards.
A young man sits down and pulls a drum close to him.
He picks up his sticks and hits them together.
He starts to count and drum.
He drums faster as he looks away and then stops to adjust a few drums.
He gets up and moves the camera to show a lever he moves and then he taps on the top of a drum over and over.
He gives a thumbs up and peace sign.
A curling stone slides down the ice.
The blue team discuss their strategy.
The white team high five each other.
The blue team discuss while a member points.
A blue team player takes his turn and curls his stone into the center.
The blue team comes and hugs the player as they celebrate.
The credits of the video are shown.
A small group of people are all seen playing various matches of ping pong with one another down a line of tables.
The people continuing hitting the ball back and fourth while the camera captures them from various angles and a close up of a young boy in the end.
A girl jumps onto a balance beam.
She does a gymnastics routine on the balance beam.
She dismounts and lands on the mat with her arms up.
A man stands in front of the camera and then takes a puff of his cigarette.
After,he appears with roller blades on and starts to jump on different blocks and boulders in the city.
The man continues making his way through the city,passing cars,and jumping over rocks.
Various women are seen looking at the camera followed by a man speaking to the camera.
Several tools are shown that lea into one woman brushing out her hair.
Another woman brushes her hair and leads into more clips of women smiling and looking to the camera.
Several shots are shown of forests that lead into a person gearing up and riding in a kayak.
The person paddles themselves along the rough river as well as showing other people riding along.
They move past rough waters along the river and end by sitting near one another.
A large group of people are seen standing at the bottom of a snowy hill speaking to one another.
The people are then seen riding in tubes and going down a snowy trail.
Several shots are shown of people riding down the mountain while looking and smiling to the camera.
A middle age woman is shown squatting down picking up snow and dumping it in pile.
She then walks towards the camera and sticks her tongue out.
A Capri Sun wrapper in a pile of rocks on the ground with a pile of sawdust on it.
We see a pile of sticks to the left and see a flint.
The person strikes the flint and a flame sits on he sawdust.
The person then puts a handful of twigs on the fire.
The fire grows and the cameraman backs up to show the rocks surrounding the fire.
A man jumps off of the brown horse and he lassos the bull to the ground in the beginning.
Then he gets on another horse and he lassos a bull bigger than the last one to the ground.
When he's done tying the bull's legs together, he gets up and walks away.
a woman is sitting at a table in a fast food restaurant while eating.
She continually speaks to nobody as she eats.
She stands up and grabs her purse, continuing to talk and laugh as she leaves.
A man is seen shooting a bow and arrow followed by another man taking a bow and aiming.
Another man is seen kneeling down before bows and speaking to the camera.
He points to various boxes and continues looking into the camera and speaking.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while holding a large accordion in his hands.
The man then demonstrates how to properly play the instrument while moving his hands up and down.
A large group of people are seen sitting around an auditorium with one man flying kites around in the middle.
The person continues moving around with the kites and walks away in the end with a woman speaking to the crowd.
a boy is holding a very long pole.
The camera turns upright suddenly.
the boy runs with the pole, vaulting over a bar and onto a mat.
A girl demonstrates playing an acoustic guitar using her hands to create percussion noise on the body of the guitar.
A girl enters a room where an acoustic guitar is leaning against a sofa and sits down on the sofa and begins to play the guitar.
The girl uses her right hand to make beats with the guitar and picks chords with the left hand while staring intently at the guitar.
The girl continues to play intensely, occasionally nodding her head to the rhythm.
The credits of the clip are shown.
A man swings a metal object from hand to hand.
The man spins and releases an object behind him, and the credits of the video are shown.
A child plays a chrome flute inside of home.
The girl finishes the song and lowers the flute.
We see lots of plate of fancy food.
We then zoom in on the plates.
We see a shadow on the plates.
A man on the right picks up a few plates.
A person is seen cutting up a tomato and demonstrating how the knife works on a piece of paper.
The person then sharpens the blade on a coffee mug and cuts through the paper.
An intro leads into clips of people riding surfboards on the water as well as jet skis.
The camera pans around the area and continues to show more clips of people surfing.
A close up of a surf board is shown followed by many more people surfing on the water.
A woman standing behind an ironing board grabs a pair of pants.
She starts ironing the pants inside out.
She turns the pants back the right way and continues ironing them.
A horseman throws a rope to catch a calf while people watch.
Intermediately, the man get down the horse and tie the calf.
Men walks behind the horse.
After, the man get in the horse.
Several shots of wrestlers are shown.
They all are doing flips off the corner.
The land on their opponent.
They knock them down to the floor.
Two people are seen playing a game of ping pong with one another.
They hit the ball back and fourth across the table while people watch on the sides.
The boys continue to play back and fourth while switching places and looking to the camera.
A young child is seen holding onto a stick in a living room while pushing a ball around.
The boy continues pushing the ball around while the camera captures his movements.
He stops to speak to the camera and continues hitting the ball around.
A young man plays violin while wearing headsets.
Then, the young man finish playing and take off the headsets.
A man pushes a table into the sand.
He is then shown surfing on the bottom of the table in the ocean, gliding across a wave.
Another angle is shown with the surfer effortlessly riding a wave on a table.
He crashes along with the wave.
We see people holding their phones up to record.
We then see a man playing a piano.
The camera moves around the man's back.
The crowd then claps for the man.
The man then looks up and speaks.
A large paint ball arena is shown with a group of people standing off to the side.
The people then begin running around the course shooting guns at one another.
The people continue running around and stop i the end to speak to one another.
A man is laying in bed and looks at his phone.
He runs into a room and gets dressed.
He sits down on his bed and puts shoes on.
He stands up and runs out the door.
A group of boys are seen sitting around talking to one another and playing various games.
The men hit one another while they switch places and continue to play more games.
A woman comes onto the screen kneeling down holding a stick.
She begins to stretch deeper into the position while holding the stick for balance.
She stops right before the video ends.
A new segment leads into clips of a woman speaking to the camera and holding up a bow and arrow.
The girl shoots the bow while still speaking to the camera and bending the bow.
She continues speaking while using her hands and showing off pictures to the camera.
A young teenaged boy is standing outside of the house with a tennis ball and racket.
He goes to the tennis court and begins to talk about the game of tennis.
He does some stretches for a little but and then gets ready to hit the ball over to the other side of the court.
He talks about it on the court and then he leaves to go home.
We we an opening screen for a product.
We see a person shoveling their sidewalk.
The man reaches the house and turns to finish the other side of the walkway.
We see a person spraying an item on their sidewalk.
We then see two closing screens.
We see a man at a table in a field juicing a fruit to make a juice.
The man juices 2 fruit then puts sugar in in two glasses.
The man then cuts and juices four more fruit.
The man adds more sugar to the glasses and ice water from the bucket under the fruit.
We see an intro screen with contact lenses.
We see a man wash his hand and take a contact from a new package.
The person holds their eye open and inserts the contact lens.
The man smiles and we see his face .
We are then shown how to remove the contact lens with instructions.
We then see the ending screen.
A gymnast performs on the uneven bars while spectators watch the performance.
The gymnast end the performance and great the audience, and then she join her friends to wait for the score.
A woman watch the gymnast and applaud.
There is very large group of people outside on a basketball court after sunset.
They are all jumping up and down on these new pogo stick things that you wear like shoes.
There are many young kids just bouncing up and down on them enjoying the evening.
There are even a few people standing by and watching.
A group of men are in a ring around a mat.
Two crouch in front of each other before springing onto the mat, fighting and kicking.
They are performing a type of martial arts, fighting their oponent as cameras flash.
A man flies in the air with on a motorcycle.
A man makes a motocross circuit using a heavy machine.
People runs motocross on an bumpy road.
people ride a motorcycle on ramps, and then flies and spin in the air.
A man is shown holding a volleyball talking to the camera and leads into showing various jumps.
He continues talking to the camera and moving around the gym hitting the ball.
A person helps another person walk on stilts on the sidewalk.
The person walks by themselves.
The man sits down in a chair.
many guys in all black stands on a grassy area with music instruments and does a sync performance in front of other people sitting on the grass watching.
the guys play the drums and do movements back and forth as they play the drums that is connected to there body.
the guys do hand movements and stomps there feet lightly as part of the performance.
A guy stands in the fields and lights a piece of paper.
A guy tosses the piece of paper towards stack wood and then runs.
The wood catches on fire.
The guy walks towards a man.
A young woman with a black dress and red cardigan on is standing in the corner of a kitchen cutting fruits.
After awhile,she grabs six strawberries and leaves them on the cutting board as she begins to cut grapes.
In front of her,there are two large white bowls full of fruit and she begins putting the cut up fruit in those bowls.
The camera then moves and the person zooms in on the contents of the fruit bowls,showing pineapples,strawberries and grapes.
Kids are on a field, kicking a ball back and forth.
A girl runs up and kicks at the boy.
She runs down the sideline and tries to take the ball while other girls watch from the sidelines.
The kids continue playing until the clip ends.
A carpenter sprays a ceiling with paint.
A second carpenter smooths out the paint on the ceiling.
The first carpenter sprays paint all over the ceiling.
A couple of carpenters smooth out the paint on the ceiling.
One of the carpenters is seen spraying the ceiling and stops for a second to move a light.
The painting continues as well as the smoothing out of the paint.
men are holding snowslides from a deposit.
old woman is sitting on snowslide and its going down a snowy slope.
old woman is in snowslide going down snow track.
a man and a woman are grabing the old lady fom the back in a slide.
different people are going down slope holding snowslides with a rope.
old women are sitting on woodn bench talking to the camera.
old people are sitting and standing in front of a camera posing for a picture.
A woman is shown talking to the camera and leads into her beginning to paint a picture.
She moves her brush back and fourth on the canvas and putting various colors and swirls around the sides.
A shot is seen of two men performing an arm wrestling match together while the audience cheers.
One man beats the other and the two hold up their arms to cheer and everybody celebrates.
One man in the audience looks disappointing and the winner holds up a boy.
man is sitting on akayak holding a row and showing the corect way of rowing.
people are in a kayak on lakeside.
people are on rapids kayaking.
men are swimming on the lake by the kayak and walking in the lakeside holding kayaks.
A man is seen riding around on a horse holding a stick and then pausing to sit.
He is then seen again walking with a large group of people drinking water and then shakes hands of several people while walking back.
People are rock climbing up rocks.
A person falls off of the rock into the water below.
Michele Obama and another woman are hula hooping outside on a sunny day.
As the camera zooms out a young boy and another woman to the side are also seen hula hooping while people behind run past.
A closeup back to Michele Obama's face where she looks like she is getting quite the workout, making a smirk on her face.
The camera angles down to just the two women's hips with the hula hoops as in the beginning and back up to mostly just seeing Michele's face.
Michele now runs and jumps into a jumprope where she fails to successfully jump in the jump rope twice, both times looking embarrassed.
The third time she prepares herself and runs towards the jump rope successfully jumping a couple times before being unable to do anymore.
Now Michele is running through a foot course on the ground, while a young man trails behind.
She is now going back and forth through another obstacle of sticks and runs towards the woods where she stops and points.
She runs all the way back down the field, giving high fives to random people on the field at her arrival.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while putting a box around some paper.
He wraps the box in paper while using scissors to cut around the sides.
The man tapes up the box and presents it to the camera.
A large roof is seen close up followed by a person standing on a ladder and pushing down tiles.
More people are seen working on the roof hammering down tiles as well as pushing them off and speaking to the camera.
The camera continues to pan all around the roof as well as buildings around them and the men continuing to work.
A young woman is sitting on a step and then a poster saying I can do it is shown.
The girl comes back and continues talking about what she is about to do.
She then brings up a knife and talks about it as the camera zooms in on it.
She then starts cutting a stick and words are displayed at the bottom showing the steps needed to complete the fire.
A pocket knife is pulled out and she begins cutting a small piece of tinder.
A middle age man is standing in the field preparing to hit a ball.
Once the man hits the ball it is caught and the other teams jumps and cheers in excitement and there is  replay.
A rusty ball is shown rolling down some type of man made ramp.
Several Olympic athletes are then shown putting the shotput by their neck and throwing it and getting their distance measured.
A black scoreboard is finally shown and they begin to give the winner the medal and show the flag of the country the person is representing.
a man is outside wearing a superman shirt.
He spins in circles, looking around.
He finds a broken bike, and repairs it while an angry man yells at him.
There are two boys playing rock, paper, scissors.
First they play one game and the boy who's shirtless loses and gets slapped.
Next they play two more games, one person wins and the shirtless boy loses.
Then the boy who's wearing a sweater loses and the other boy slaps him.
A young lady with burnette hair is standing behind a black counter in a bar with several alcohol on it.
She then grabs a clear glass and puts ice in it.
Next comes the liquor and she pours,orange juice and syrup in it and the drink is complete.
A "Monkeysee com" logo appears on screen with the tagline "See how the experts do it.
" A young man stands in the foreground speaking while a female cheerleader stands behind him performing routines.
The copyright and logo screen appears on a black screen.
A girl does hula hoop spinning a hula ring around her neck, body and hands.
Then, a person gives a hula to the girl who spins simultaneously the two hula rings.
After, a person gives another hula ring to the girl to do hula hooping with three rings.
At the  end the girl gives a hug to the person and a presenter talks.
A close up of solo cups are shown followed by a man throwing balls.
A person moves the cups alongside the table while the person continues throwing and the men switch place.
The two continue taking turns while the camera captures their movements.
We see men skateboarding near a parking lot.
We see two men talking to each other.
We see the man in khakis stumble and fail repeatedly.
We see a man holding a cell phone and talking to the skater.
The men shake hands and the cameraman points at the skater.
We see the subscribe screen.
We see people riding and see a man ride a red toy kids skateboard and the cameraman kicks it across the lot.
We then see the ending screen.
We see a boy brushing his teeth and dancing in the bathroom.
The boy pauses and looks at the brush.
The boy returns to brushing and dancing.
The boy holds on the the sink for a moment.
The boy holds onto the sink again.
A kayak rider drifts in the bay of an ocean.
Two kayak riders talk while sitting in their kayaks.
The view of the surrounding mountains is seen.
The person is shown knocking down 9 of the bowling pins, which means he has a spare.
Next he knocks all of the pins down and gets a strike.
Two men are playing table tennis while two judges sit at either end.
The men hit the ball back and forth.
The winner raises his hands  as the crowd cheers.
The scene is replayed of his successful hit.
Several people are shown in images gathered outside a building.
Two cartoon sumo wrestlers are engaged in a fight.
They body slam each other as a referee watches.
A white BMW 3 series is in a garage being cleaned by two men wearing safety jackets.
Once the front is cleaned,the men move towards the back spraying the vehicle and come back to spray the rim and go back to the trunk to get all of the spots.
a group of performers are standing on a stage.
They turn, and begin playing the drums.
They put on sunglasses while they play for the audience.
The camera shakes on an image of an indoor volleyball court.
A woman races back from the net to hit the incoming volleyball.
A fellow team member also hits the ball and sends it across the net.
man is opening a box with scissors and take out an unarmed bike.
man is arming the bike inside a room with wooden floor.
A large group of people are seen sitting around in a circle and 2 bulls standing in the pit.
The animals and people continue to walk around one another and lead into the bulls fighting one another.
This man is shown standing in the water wearing his pool cap and his goggles are on top of his forehead.
He then puts on the goggles on and shows us a couple of swimming techniques in the water and he goes back to talking.
A shot of pins are shown sitting on a lane followed by a man walking into frame.
The man spins a ball to go around the pins to hit more in the end.
The person spins another ball that is followed shortly afterwards.
A person is seen running down a deck pushing a puck with a stick.
She looks back and laughs to the camera while other people watch on the side.
A man is standing in his uniform in a desert like area talking.
While he his talking,several videos of him are shown off road motorcycle racing around the course jumping over humps.
However,he comes back during the segments to show how he uses techniques in certain jumps and the correct way to do it.
A man is speaking inside a gym.
He lies on the ground to do sit ups, talking about the mechanics of the act.
The man demonstrates how to do sit ups over and over again.
A man walks out onto a playing field with a large Dalmatian.
The man stops and throws the frisbee and returns it to the man.
The dog runs around in circles on the field with the frisbee.
A close up of a hedge is shown as well as a man using a tool to cut the hedge.
The man speaks to the camera and continues using the tool on the hedge.
Several shots are shown of his surroundings as well as other tools you can use and more grass being cut.
A young child is seen washing various dishes in a sink while wearing gloves and running them under water.
The boy continues to stick a bowl under the water while the camera pans around his movements.
man wearing a green shirt is assembling a bicycle on the middle of a living room.
another man wearing a blue sweater is helping the other man assembling the bicycles.
men are assembling three bicycles on living room.
A dog owner takes three dogs to a dog cleaning service and company where the dogs are washed and dried.
Three dogs  are shown getting dirty by waking in mud puddles and through dirt and grass.
The dogs are then loaded in a vehicle and taken to a dog washing company where they are placed in wash sinks.
All three dogs are washed and dried by people after which the people are shown cleaning the area where the dogs were washed.
A dirt clodden rodea is shown, as a man on a horse is released from a gate.
He ropes a calf, dismounted to tie it up.
Another man rides on screen momentarily.
A child in a helmet is shown.
Several other children in helmets on bikes ride off of a ramp.
A man runs along side them.
The cross a finish line.
Letters are shown on a screen.
A blue bucket is put into a sink.
A man starts mopping the hardwood floors.
He mops the tile in the bathroom.
A man in blue stands in an auditorium.
He does gymnastics on some equipment.
People are watching from the stands.
He spins his body about.
A young man is seen standing in front of the camera  playing a set of bagpipes.
He continues playing the instrument and ends by holding it in his hands and a picture of him playing guitar.
A person shows a bowl of ice cream at Disneyland.
The person enjoys the bowl of ice cream.
A trolley rolls along a street with a conductor hanging out of the window.
A busy street is seen with many people walking along and looking at a parked trolley car.
A band is seen sitting on the stage with one man playing the drums and a woman interviewing him.
The man continues playing as the women speaks to the crowd and sings while they play.
man is talking to the camera is a snowy day outside a house.
man is holding a shovel and cleaning the path from the snow.
little kid is wearing red snow clothes and is standing nxt to a car.
the man stops and is again talking to the camera with the shovel on his hands.
Two men are seen standing before a game of darts and begin throwing darts onto the board.
The men look back and laugh with one another while still playing.
The continue to play with others around them and end by shaking hands with another.
There's an athlete doing the hammer throw in a large stadium with some spectators and few other players watching him.
He begins by swinging the hammer string in his hands while rotating his body.
Two people step forward to see where the athlete's ball has landed.
The athlete does another hammer throw and the distance of his throw is measured annd his statistics are shown on screen.
The spectators in the bleachers watch the sporting event.
A person demonstrates how to make a mini meat and cheese sandwich platter with garnish.
A large platter of prepared sandwiches displays.
A persons hands is seen throwing different sandwich making ingredients into a shopping cart inside of a grocery store, the ingredients include rolls and lunch meat.
A person is then seen putting a sandwich of cheese and meat together on white bread rolls with lettuce on a counter top.
The person cuts the rolls apart to make individual sandwiches and then adds toothpicks and strawberries along with lettuce garnish to the platter which is then focused on by the camera as the finished product.
A girl in a purple outfit gets onto a balance beam.
She does a gymnastics routine on the balance beam.
She dismounts and lands on the mat with her hands in the air.
A man puts plaster on a base.
The man walks over and rubs it on the ceiling.
We see the stilts the man is walking on.
The camera becomes wobbly and blurry.
The man bends down to grab more plaster.
The man smiles and the video ends.
People are balancing on a rope on the beach.
A man in a white shirt does a hand stand on the rope.
A person is swinging on a rope in the background.
A boy sprays shaving cream into his hand from a can in his bathroom.
The boy applies the shaving cream to his face.
A man has shaving cream on his face and reads a label on a pressurized can and discusses it.
A man rubs his smooth face.
The man holds up a metal oil can.
The man applies a medicine dropper with liquid to a razor and demonstrates how to use it.
All the ingredients you need to make butter cake are on the counter, someone is pointing at each ingredient and starts grabbing them.
They use a mixer to mix some of the ingredients together.
They add the eggs in one by one while the mixer is still mixing and then they turn it off and add some more in.
They use a pan and and put a bottom in it and scoop out the mixture into it before finally getting ready to put it into the oven to bake.
Three people are seen standing on a sandy field and lead into one scoring a goal.
The men celebrate while his clip is shown again several times.
The men continue to celebrate and begin playing the game again.
A person in a black t-shirt clips the nails on the front paws of a brown and tan speckled cat.
A brown and tan speckled cat is lying on a white cushion when a person walks in holding a pair of red handled nail clippers.
The person cuts the forepaws of the cat as the cat watches on.
The person finishes cutting the cat's nails and pets the cats head and shows the clippers close to the camera before walking away.
Carved pepper jack-o-lanterns are seen prepared.
A woman uses a knife to carve out the center and facial features of a bell pepper then places in a dish.
The woman adds chopped vegetables, salsa, and eggs to a large bowl.
The woman uses a spatula to mix everything together.
A spoon is used to add ingredients into the hollow bell peppers.
Cheese is added to the tops of the bell peppers and the tops are placed back on them.
The bell peppers are removed from the dish and put on a plate.
the finished bell peppers are seen on the cutting board.
A woman adds ingredients to a casserole dish.
Gymnasts swing on double bars during Olympic competition.
Gymnast swings on double bars during practice in a gym.
A group of bike riders are seen standing ready side by side with one another and speaking to a man in front.
The camera continues to pan around the riders getting ready and finally jumping down and racing along the dirt path.
men and women are in team playing foosball in a table in a basket court.
referee is standing in front of table watching the game.
people is sitting in terraces behind the court watching the game.
A person shows how to clean large windows.
First the soap is applied then it is scraped away.
The process is repeated and finished.
A man is throwing darts at a dart board.
He points to the words on his shirt.
He shows the darts in the dart board.
He shows his hand while throwing the dart.
A man is sitting at a booth surrounded by pipes, talking and gesturing.
The man holds up one end of the pipe.
The man demonstrates how to smoke using the pipe, as he blows ringed smoke out of his mouth.
He continues to talk and gesture.
The marching bands are in positioned in the field.
Then The band started to play their instruments.
The ladies with flags moved their flags up and down and rotate them as the band plays.
A person uses a brush to scrub a shoe over a sink.
They wipe the shoe off with a white towel.
He lifts up the shoe to show the camera.
People are paddling in kayaks in a body of water.
A man takes off in a green kayak.
A man in a red jacket is talking to the camera.
Two people are seen standing on a sandy beach with one kicking the ball and passing it to another.
The boys continue passing the ball back and fourth while many people are seen walking around and playing in the water.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and begins shaving off his facial hair.
The man continues shaving and shows off his before and after pictures.
A person is seen sitting on the edge of a bed carrying a guitar.
The person begins playing the guitar while looking over to the camera.
The man continues playing and stops moving his hand out of frame.
We see a man in a pool playing a game while a man in white stands on the sideline waving his arm.
The ball is thrown and the goalie in front of the net jumps to stop the ball.
The goalie then dips deep underwater.
A man talks in a blue room then sprays a toy car and pretends to wash it.
We see a title screen and people in suits wash cars as a joke.
A man and a small boy with high powered hoses wash cars followed by cheerleaders.
We see a black van with people getting out and a man in a top hat touch the car.
The people get in the black van and drive away adn teh car owners stand on the street.
We then see the ending scene.
A girl is shown talking to the camera and showing various paints.
She zooms in on products she owns and puts paint on a pallet.
She dabs a brush in the paint and begins painting her nails.
She performs several different styles on the nails and several pictures of finished nails.
A close up of a horse is seen followed by several people riding on a horses on a beach.
One person is seen standing on the horse and the camera continues to follow the people riding along on the horses.
A humongous red, black and white ship is shown on the water, then a smaller ship is shown quickly approaching the boat that is filming and suddenly it crashes into the boat and it has black smoke coming from the top of it.
A lot of people are shown on the boat with life vests moving quickly about the ship, and men are frantically pulling at rope.
A man and a woman are now sweeping the area where the boat was hit and another man is helping to pick up broken pieces.
Several clips are shown of people performing flips and tricks in the middle of a floor while a light shines down in the middle.
The kids continue spinning around one another and end by standing up together and falling down.
man is standing in parallels doing gymnastics in a roofed gym.
people is in teraces watching the man.
A little girl smiles and talks to the camera.
She and other children are then shown washing their hands at sinks.
They talk about singing the birthday song or counting to know how long they should wash their hands.
woman is standing in a shooting room holding a bow and throwing the arrow into a board.
woman stands in a bg large field holding a bow and thowing arrow to baloons.
woman is standing in a small court holding a bow and throwing an arow to an apple in a man's head.
man is standing in a alrge green field showing a woman how to shoot an arrow and the woman pulls out a gun from the pockets and shot to the board.
man is standing next to a tree holding a camera.
woman is throwing arros to a watermelon.
woman is throwing arrows to movie posters and talking to the camera.
A woman is seen sitting in a chair knitting thread while the camera watches her.
The woman continues to knit while stopping to look at the camera and make faces.
An athlete spins and throws a shot put on a large playing field of a stadium.
The man celebrates and gives a thumbs up.
A second athlete in grey shirt throws a shotput.
The ball lands in the grass and the man is disappointed in the throw and walks away.
A large man in yellow shirt and headband spins and throws a shut put that veers to the left of the field.
The man is pleased with his shot and pumps his fist.
The man gives high fives to his team mates.
A rack of balls are seen in the grass behind scores for the game.
The man awaits his score standing on the track among other athletes in the background.
A man in a blue coat is standing in the snow talking.
He begins skiing down a hill of snow.
He continues talking to the camera.
A man with curly hair  is seen speaking to the camera with a serious conviction.
He then brushes through his hair with a dog in frame and shows off his poofy hair.
He then is seen again with wet hair and closes his eyes to the camera.
A girl is standing at a sink, washing dishes and playing in the water.
She smiles as she rinses a plastic bowl.
She walks over to the camera talking and laughing before leaving the room with her brother.
A man picks up a ball with his racquet and swings it to his opponent over the net.
The opponent serves the ball.
The teams engage in rapid back and forth hitting of the ball.
The game stops for a second and resumes with one of the teams serving the ball.
They battle each other on the court, sending the ball back and forth over the net.
The ball goes out of bounds.
A man serves the ball and they engage in a brief back and forth of the ball before the ball falls to the ground.
The credits of the video is shown.
A man rakes brown leaves in a lawn.
The man puts the leaves in a trashcan.
The man stops and moves the trashcan.
The man pulls out a black object from his pocket and presents it.
The man screws the black object at the end of the rake handle.
The man moves the trashcan and rakes.
The man stop raking, walks toward a tree, and hangs the rake on the tree.
The man removes a pair of rakes for the tree and lifts it above his head.
The man uses the dual rakes to pick up the leaves and put them into the trashcan.
The man lifts the dual rakes above his head and then pairs them together.
The man takes the paired rakes back to the tree where he hangs them on a branch.
The credits of the clips are shown.
A man pushes a disc in front of a hopscotch game.
Another person pushes a disc towards the hopscotch.
The first man makes a funny face.
We see an opening title screen.
Men snarl and we see the crowd and shots of volleyball play.
We see ladies on the sidelines.
A tall man is shown from the legs up as he jumps.
A man misses a shot and looks behind him and two men look behind them.
We see men cheer and jump.
A shot is made and team hugs.
People are coming off of a van holding snowboards.
A man straps his snowboard on.
Several people are snowboarding down a hill.
A man in goggles talks.
A woman holds a child up to kiss a man.
People are snowboarding down a hill.
A man talks to the camera.
Several people do tricks on their snowboards.
A man talks to the camera again.
Several more people are snowboarding and talking.
A man with a beard talks to the camera.
A man takes off his snowboard.
A close up of a porch is shown with the camera panning all around.
The camera walks to the end of the porch.
The camera turns around while still looking at the porch.
We see the title screens flying up.
A bull runs out on the field.
A bull rams a wall  where the matador is standing.
The matador teases the bull with a red cloth.
We see the ending screen.
Two men are inside a gym.
One is in boxing gloves and the other is wearing arm guards.
They show off the different moves in punching and kicking.
A man on a diving board walks to the end.
the man bounces on the board two times then dives into the water.
The man surfaces and swims towards the edge of the pool.
A boy is balanced on the end of a diving board.
He dives, flipping backwards as he goes.
He lands gracefully in the water.
A man talks on a telephone.
The man puts a cigarette in his mouth.
The man lights the cigarette.
The man removes the cigarette from his mouth and holds it in his hand.
A woman speaks to the camera while holding a card.
A couple appears on a professional stage under a spotlight and performs a dance routine.
The pair finishes their routine, he kisses her hand and the audience applauds.
A large group of people are seen standing around when several clips are shown of a man attempting to jump over a bar.
The man completes the jump after a couple tries and is shown again in slow motion.
The man attempts jumping higher several more times and ends up knocking the bar down each time.
A ballerina is seen walking out onto a stage and leads into her performing a ballet routine.
The girl spins herself around on her shoes while the audience watches her.
She continues spinning and twirling around and ends by holding a pose and bowing.
A red car is shown with the words Unique Car Wash.
Men are shown inside a car garage, soaping down a car with a sponge.
They are then seen using a sprayer to clean the tires and spray the residue off the vehicle.
They use rags to wipe it clean and detail the inside of the car.
A lady in a gym punches both of her arms across her chest.
The lady then kicks her left leg in the air and then the right one behind her.
The lady repeats that sequence over and over.
We see people riding bumper cars.
The camera moves down the row to the right.
The girl in black gets stuck the gets going.
The cars then come to a stop.
We see a man and a baby decorating a Christmas tree.
The baby takes a blue bulb off the tree.
The dad puts it back and the baby takes it again.
The child turns towards the camera and the dad walks to a counter.
The child drops the blue bulb and goes for another.
The child adds another blue bulb to the tree.
The camera pans up to show the tree and then shows the stockings.
Three girls are seen standing on a cliff hitting a birdie to one another.
The camera pans around their movements as they hit the birdie around.
The girls continue to hit the birdie around and showing off their butts in the end.
A small group of people are seen standing around a gymnasium with one running down and shooting a basket.
Several more people are seen running down the lane and shooting a basket above them.
More girls run down to shoot a basket and end by walking back together.
As the camera walks, it was showing the well maintained hedges, at the center of two hedges is a narrow path leading to a wider field surrounded by more hedges.
On one side of the hedge is a man in black shirt, he is standing on a ladder, he is trimming the hedges.
Near the man is an empty bench, on the side are more well trimmed hedges.
A woman is seen walking onto a stage performing a belly dancing routine in front of an audience.
The woman continues dancing around the stage and ends with her posing.
A young man is water skiing and falls.
Watching video of the lake and driving.
You can see a man skiing from several different angles.
Winter of Water skiing at Stoney Park.
Two men talk to the camera, interspersed with action footage of them playing lacrosse.
The man dressed in orange talks to the camera.
The man in orange demonstrates passing the lacrosse ball against the wall.
The man in orange talks to the camera again.
Both men demonstrate passing the lacrosse ball against the wall.
The man in orange talks to the camera a third time while demonstrating with his lacrosse stick.
The man is briefly interrupted by a scene of him passing the ball against the wall.
The two man practice passing the ball to each other with the wall.
The man in orange talks to the camera a final time.
A boy is building a sandcastle near the edge of the ocean.
He forms huge circles and stands up.
A man is floating in the ocean water talking.
He then talks to a group of people while drinking an energy drink.
He bungee jumps off the side of a bridge.
He is talking to the camera as he swings above the water.
A group of people seen running around a sandy field playing a soccer match in front of a large crowd.
The people continue kick the ball around with several more balls being thrown in as well.
A few people are sitting down indian style with life vest on watching a man inside of a float boat talk.
They get ins the boat with paddles and some others next to them in a kayak.
They use the paddle to try to control the boat, but get splashed by the very brown water.
Another little boat comes and bumps into them, they paddle until they are about to reach back to land.
A small group of people are seen walking the red carpet and speaking to one another.
An athlete is then seen speaking with a new host and several shots of him playing and riding a horse are shown.
More clips are shown of him playing a sport and speaking to the host and shaking his hand.
A girl demonstrates several gymnastic and tumbler moves in a living room and  on a green lawn with a line of residential houses as a backdrop.
A girl demonstrates a somersault move in the living room in front of two couches.
The girl then demonstrates more advanced backflip gymnastic moves in a field of grass with houses in a residential neighborhood as the backdrop.
woman is painting in a white paper green leaves in a chinese tree.
a red paint is shown and woman put a stamp on the corner of the paper.
woman is painting a blue ad purple chinese flower.
a red and black flowers are painted on a white paper with very detail for the same woman in a dark room.
woman used some black painting for make details, put the red stamp on the corner and finished the painting with yellow and reddetails on the flowers.
A young boy is wearing a bandana and mowing a large yard.
He walks away from the camera as he pushes the mower.
He then suddenly stops, chasing the person with the camera and knocking them over.
The video leads into several shots of people riding around on skateboards and performing tricks.
Many more people riding are shown and leads into a young man speaking to the camera and a picture of a t-shirt.
A man is standing in front of a cat who keeps walking on his wrapping paper.
The man pushes the cat down on the paper and folds it around the cat.
He then tapes the paper onto the cat, leaving only the head sticking out.
He then places a bow on the cat's head.
We see a lady standing in  a news studio talking to the camera.
We then see people in a field on horses.
The people are playing polo on the horses.
We see a man talking to the camera.
We then see the people playing again.
The man is talking to the camera again.
We see the polo players on their horses.
A man holds liquor in front of a horses mouth, We see the newscaster again.
man is sitting on a seat of the car watching by the window.
man is snowboarding on snowy slope making high jumps.
men are in a dark room with pots.
We see rolling credits rise up the screen.
We see three people riding stationary bikes in a gym.
The camera moves closer to the bikers.
The lady stop and adjusts something on her bike.
We wee the fourth rider in the scene.
The lady is riding her bike slower.
The lady is riding her bike slowly.
We see the closing screen on a blue background.
Multiple groups of people in boats are out exploring a river.
Wind blows the trees in the Grand Canyon.
A group of people on a white boat paddle away at the waters in the river.
Multiple groups battle high violent waters.
At one point, the violent waters seem to almost topple one of the groups.
A brave, single kayaker paddles away at the waters.
A girl walks to the edge of the diving board.
The girl extends her hands.
The girl dives into pool.
The girl swims to the edge of the pool.
A man wearing a suit in the city walks down the streets of new york and meets up with another man who likes just like him.
The men compare items and then perform a dance routine in the center.
The men grabs hands to end the routine then walk away from one another.
Various shots of people are shown followed by several shots of kids jumping rope.
A man then speakers to various kids on a court and shows more shots of the kids jumping rope together.
The man then jumps rope while more kids perform tricks with their jump ropes and ends with the man speaking to one more jumper.
A woman in a bathrobe facing a mirror cleans her hands.
The camera cuts to closeup scenes of her fingers picking up a contact lens and holding it up.
The camera briefly cuts to the woman's face before returning.
The woman puts the contact lens on her eye.
The woman applies contact lens solution into her lens carrying case.
The woman washes her hands.
The woman removes the contact lens from her eye.
The woman places the lens on her palm and, using solution, cleans it.
The woman places the lens into the case and adds solution.
The woman begins to leave the camera frame.
A young boy is seen grabbing a ball and walking forward speaking to the camera.
He is then seen in a shot holding on a stick and hitting a ball.
He continues hitting the ball into a goal wile looking back to the camera.
A large group of people are seen walking into an office and interviewing a man on television.
Many people are watching the interview and one man speaks to a woman angrily.
The woman strikes the man and more people are seen walking around and talking.
The people walk into a bar and begin playing pool and speaking.
We see kids on dirt bikes on a dirt field with adults standing over them.
The kids take off and start down the dirk track.
The kids have a hard time turning to come up the dirt track.
One of the boys has fallen and dropped his bike.
We see the kids high fiveing men and women on the sidelines.
We see a hallway with a wooden floor.
A dog in socks walks slowly out onto the floor as a lady films him.
The dog turns around and goes back to the other room.
A girl in a blue and plaid school uniform stands in a school bathroom brushing her teeth and primping in the mirror.
The girl begins facing the camera and brushing her teeth, leaning in to the camera at one point before leaning back to continue brushing teeth.
The girl then turns towards the bathroom mirror and spits into the bathroom sink, then returns to brushing teeth and facing the camera again.
The girl then moves to another sink that is further back in the bathroom, plays with her hair, primps in the mirror, all while another girl in a school uniform enters the bathroom and walks into a bathroom stall.
A scuba diver holds onto a rock as he throws a peace sign in the air.
The man lets go of the rock and puts up two peace signs in the air.
The man fixes his snorkel and goggles.
An intro leads into a man throwing darts onto a board.
He looks closely off into the distance and continues throwing darts.
The camera shows the board in the end and the man throwing it.
A man in a black knit hat talks to the camera while standing in front of a table with items on it and in front of a yellow truck with a black star on the door.
The man picks up an orange packet from the table and later a smaller yellow packet and an orange device, all while talking.
The man then places the yellow packet and orange device on the table next to each other on a metal table.
The man then takes a metal plate, puts it upside down and starts a fire on top of it using the materials in the packet, before returning to talk to the camera again.
A close up of a lacrosse game is shown that leads into a man speaking to the camera.
More shots are shown of the game with the players running up and down the field as well as many others speaking to the camera.
The girl in the swing is swinging and then she jumped on the ground.
The camera turned around, then turned back to the girl swinging, she is twisting the chains of the swing, and she is swirling around with the swing.
The girl in black shirt and black skirt and tights keeps swing so fast and high and then she jumped on the sandy ground.
The girl climbed the climber, she put her feet up while her arms and hands are holding the bar.
The girl fell down on the ground, she stood up, then went to the other side of the climber, reached for the bar and moved to the other next bar.
The girl is sitting on blue bouncing chair while she look on her side, she stood up, continue to pull her weight forward and backward.
The girl sat on top of the slide then slide down, put on her slippers then went back to the top of the slide and slide down.
A gymnast runs fast, then he jumps long in a stadium full of people.
Two men walk holding javelins.
After, the gymnast jumps happily.
People take pictures of the gymnast.
A woman wearing a head scarf is seated, talking to the camera.
She takes rollers out of her hair, one at a time.
She then styles her hair and displays it to the camera.
A young lady shows a a beauty cream bottle.
Then, the young girl puts cream on hrs finger and rubs her shoulder.
A small horse is outside in a field  being held by a rope that is attached to a belt wrapped around the horse's neck.
The person with the rope in his hand has a torch like item in his right hand but it appears to only have air in it and begins moving it back and forth across the horses face and mouth.
However,the horse doesn't seem to please and begins moving his lip trying to avoid the treatment.
A man is wearing protective gear.
He is using a welder and creating a bright light as he works on metal.
When he is done, he stops and looks at the camera, showing off the completed welding.
A group of people are standing in a parking lot.
The people move in several martial arts techniques.
They kick and punch back and forth.
The clear sky is shown before a group of girls appear playing a game of field hockey.
The two teams compete against each other in the building as still images are shown in between the plays.
As one team gets close to making a goal,a male photographer is shown on the corner of the goal and then a girl appears at the end of the video making a funny face.
Two men are seen arm wrestling with one another while holding their arms down to the sides.
They keep starting again until one of them eventually wins.
A man is riding on a surfboard in the ocean.
He does a big flip, landing back in the wave.
The flip is repeated in slow motion.
Several players are shown on an ice rink.
They are engaged in different games of curling.
They use their bats to move the puck, high fiving when they are done.
A woman is seen holding onto a brush and grabbing a brush.
Another girl brushes through her hair while the camera pans her movements.
She continues brushing the other's hair while looking to the camera.
Two individuals play squash together in an indoor court.
One of the individuals recovers the ball and serves.
The same individual recovers the ball and serves again.
People sit on a bench at a rodeo.
We see people standing around a fence.
The gate open and calf and a man come out we see four men hogtie calf's.
We see a calf running in the ring and another calf being hogtied.
A man and a little boy are walking and holding the reins of a horse.
We see an older man  holding the reins of a horse.
The camera points to the ground and the video ends.
A marching band stands ready on a street while an audience watches.
The conductor conducts the band.
The band plays on the street while the audience watches.
A camera pans around the inside of a car looking out showing other cars driving around.
The car begins moving while looking around the sandy area and showing people inside the car.
The camera leads into shots of people riding around on camels and leads into shots of people riding on the camels.
man is sitting in the driver's seat.
people are in snowy mountain snowboarding.
A male athlete is standing outside on a field stretching preparing himself to run.
After he is ready,the man takes off running and does several long jumps into the pit.
As he ends his last jump,two people come to the pit and start to measure the distance.
A person irons a brown paper.
The person flips the iron around and continues ironing.
The peels the ironed paper off and lays it down.
The person leaves the iron on a new brown paper.
A large group of people are seen wandering around a festival with shots of people speaking are shown as well as playing crochet.
More people are seen playing the game as several others watch on the sidelines and critique.
A group of little girls and boys are dressed like princesses and princes.
One of the girls begins tapping a pinata with a baseball bat.
She taps it over and over again, but doesn't break the pinata.
Various text intros lead into pictures of a girl and paint close up.
A person is then seen painting on a piece of paper using different colors.
The person continues painting with text shown and blending in the paint.
People are playing a tag of war game.
Children wave at their teammates.
The children pull the adults to their side, the right side.
The children let go the rope, jump up and down, plus cheer.
A series of clips of the same woman performing pole vaults at different professional athletic events plays.
A woman holding a pole runs on a track toward a goal line and performs a pole vault in front of event onlookers and supporters.
The woman is then shown at two more event performing the same pole vault surrounded by onlookers and score takers.
People are jumping rope on a stage.
They switch places and a different person starts jumping.
A man stands and holds the jump rope.
A group of people ride on a boat to Catalina Island.
A man wearing a grey t-shirt films himself using a selfie stick while riding on a boat.
The group of people on the boat are dressed in scuba diving gear.
A man in scuba gear enters the water while filming himself while holding a selfie stick.
The diver films himself while diving underwater.
The ddiver films a school of fish a nd bright yellow tropical fish.
The diver cameraman walks backwards onto steps leading out of the water.
A group of divers dressed in street clothes ride in a golf cart.
A still picture of a man caught in mid-air about to attack a punching bag, a black and white picture of woman kicking the punching bag, two bare chested men in a boxing position, a silhouette of a man kicking a blurry person, two men in a boxing ring, two men holding a championship belt with their hand covered with boxing gloves.
One man in blue shorts is kicking the kicking pad worn by the other man in black shorts.
Two men that are barechested are boxing each other outside the boxing ring.
A woman is mopping the white tiled floor with a mop.
The woman put the mop in a green bucket, and put it in a strainer to squeeze out the excess water, then she pushed the floor map handle as she squeeze out the water and began mopping the floor, and under the chairs, side of the couch, the liquid on the floor.
A man is talking to the camera.
Several team members from a volleyball games are interviewed.
They are shown playing on the beach, kicking the ball.
A man has his hands in the air.
Two wrestlers are shown jumping into the ring.
They collapse as different people do the same jump.
A girl is dressed in a pink and black outfit talking in a room laying on a blue yoga mat.
The lady then lays on her back and puts her hand across her chest.
Before she begins,she talks about her stomach and how to put your hands behind your neck the correct way.
Finally,she does about four crunches and shows that your head should be up and as well as your body before she finishes her crunches.
A man walks up to the side of a cabin.
He uses a large knife to cut through the grass.
He swings the knife back and forth, cutting the grass and weeds.
woman wearing a red shirt is holdgina ball and is trying to throw the ball to someone when somebody throw her a ball and now she gots two and throw them.
man is holding a red ball and is walking in a wooden court and throw the ball.
people are playing dodgeball in a roofedwooden gym.
People are standing on a field of grass.
A man holds a ball near his neck and spins around.
He throws it onto the field.
A man talks to the camera while intermittently raking leaves.
A closeup of a pile of leaves is shown.
We see a couple opening title screens.
A man is shaving with a straight razor.
We see the man behind him and the men hug and talk.
The man returns to shaving his face.
We see the man in the rear again.
The shaving man talks and we see the ending title screens.
A man is shown speaking to the camera then kneels down and presses carpet down with a tool.
He then screws in the stairs and kneel down while still speaking to the camera.
A man jumps onto two bars.
He does a gymnastics routine on the bars.
A man in a white jacket watches him perform.
He does a flip and lands on the mat.
The crowd applauds him after he lands.
The exterior a store is seen from the parking lot.
A man sits on a wooden bench up against a window with trophies.
The man talks while a seated with a tattoo artist working on his shoulder.
The tattoo artist wipes the area that he is working on and continues drawing.
The tattoo artist turns off the light and stops his work.
The man stands up and shows off his tattoo.
We see the title go across the screen.
We see baking supplies and ingredients.
Someone stirs cookie dough and puts cookies on a sheet.
The cookies go into the oven and bake for 9 minutes, and a new batch is put in the oven.
The warm cookies are put on a cooling rack.
The person washes, and drys the silicone baking sheet.
They roll the baking sheet up and show us the finished cooling cookies.
A kid is sitting on the bed and waves to the camera.
He is explaining his daily routine to the camera.
He is putting red contacts in his eyes.
The contact falls out of his eye and he puts it back in, but it falls out over and over.
Finally he gets it to stay and he gives the camera close up and some moves.
A woman and a man performs cardiovascular fitness holding handles of a machine while running.
A person adjust the angle of the pedal and continues running.
The screen of the machine shows relevant information, and is show the audio input jack of the machine and the muscle profile while the man and the woman continues exercising.
A man is seen drinking out of a cup held by a woman who is also drinking from a bottle.
The two continue drinking as others record them and then stop immediately.
Instruction on how to braid your hair.
A girl in a grey t-shirt demonstrates how to braid your hair and shows a step by step process.
Some tips are displayed in print.
The hair stylist shows the finished product while dresses in a black top and sunglasses.
kids are driving bumper cars in an amusement park.
parents are sitting on bumper cars with his children.
man wearing a yellow vest is sitting on the background.
Four  men are playing bad mitten.
There are clips of great shots from teams.
The yellow team makes several points in a row.
Denmark's team made several points.
The clip ends with the yellow team holding trophies.
A woman stands on front a young lady and talks.
Then, the woman and the young lady perform fitness exercise while the woman talks.
After, the woman and the young lady stop exercising, and the woman talks while making gestures with her hands.
A child slides down a slide.
He pauses as another slides down.
He slides down as she stops.
He runs up to her and she slides down to the end.
Four people prepare to skateboard down a slope.
The four individuals skateboard down the slope together or alone as spectators watch.
The camera pans over background scenery.
One of the individuals tends to his skateboard.
The four individuals engage in more skateboarding down the slope.
One of the individuals is again shown tending to his skateboard.
The man in stripes shirt ran to the narrow path and hopped and jumped on the sandy ground.
The men are jumped one by one on the sandy ground while a man and woman are holding a rake and smoothen the ground.
Two people are holding a tape measure and measure the jump.
We see an animated opening screen.
A man is driving then gets out of his car.
We see a man rollerblading in a plaza and a skate park.
We see the man's feet in the blades then a man's face.
We see the man standing on an elevated sidewalk then skating on the railing.
We see the man skate across a bench then put on sunglasses.
We see the man turn and click a button and a car blows up.
We then see the ending title screen.
A woman wearing classes dances in front of the camera.
The woman turns around while raising an arm.
The woman turns around again.
The two girls hug each other and the girl who's wearing the blue dress slightly pushes past the other girl.
Then she runs back to her and hugs her and runs away from her again.
A group of men are outside sitting around a fountain playing a game of oddly drawn hopscotch.
One boy takes his turn and then they all begin talking again.
Next,a boy tries to jump over the bricks but ends up falling.
Another boy jumps after him and he is successful.
However,the next boy jumps and has to stand on one foot and collect all of the pieces thrown behind him.
A woman and man are raking leaves outside their home.
They move the leaves into a firepit, burning them.
A person lifts a 90 kg weight until the shoulder and then above the head, then the man drops the weight to the floor.
Then, the man lifts 95 kg weight above his head.
After, the man lifts a weight of 101 kg successfully.
It's a nighttime outside at a horse ranch and a lot of people are standing around.
Suddenly a horse with a man riding on him quickly starts running and there's a calf roped to the horse who is running in front of them.
The man lassos the calf, jumps off the horse, throws the calf on its side and quickly ties it up.
The man gets up, walks back to his horse, jumps back on and the horse slowly begins to walk as the calf is trying to stand up.
A man sitting in a leaf blower starts the machine and blows a large pile of leafs into the brush nearby.
We we see the vehicle back and and go back and forth blowing the leaves.
The cameraman stops the vehicle and gets out.
We see the full vehicle from the front and see the field.
A lady is washing a small dog in a sink.
The lady puts shampoo on the dog.
The lady picks the dog up again.
The lady takes the dog over to a table and stands him up.
She drapes the dog over a rolled up towel.
She then picks up the dog.
A man stands in a dance studio and shows how he sets up for different dance postures.
The man in white tshirt does a spins while break dancing.
A woman dressed very comfortably is doing an exercise down on one knee.
She puts her arm in the air and stares off into the distance holding it into place.
After holding that on place for a few minutes she puts her arm down and then faces forward.
She continues to just stay in that position.
A bunch of cars are driving while tilted on one side.
The tires are taken off one of the cars.
A young woman with red and black hair is shown using a hair dryer.
She uses a large round brush to brush her hair straight as it dries.
When she is done, she rakes her hand through her hair and brushes it into place.
Two men are shuffling brooms across a floor with another pulling it on a string.
One man follows behind and the two shuffling eventually move the puck into a hole.
The three men cheer with each other and give each other big hugs.
Outside a man is using a leaf blower using it to blow a pile of leaves.
He seems to be at a park or something in the parking lot.
He is wearing a hat and jeans and just out there by himself.
He continues to keep blowing the pile of leaves  when a dog runs by out of nowhere.
A city skyline appears in front of a large river.
Several businesses are shown from the outside.
A fencing match commences inside a building.
A person is seen riding on a horse into a pit chasing down a baby calf.
The man ropes the calf and jumps off the horse to tie him up then walks back to the horse.
People are walking around the basketball court.
A team of dancers walk onto the basketball court and stand at attention.
