Two men crash into each other and fall down.
Several people crash into each other and fall down on the track.
A blond boy holding a pool stick is hitting balls on a pool table that is sectioned off from yellow tape while a large crowd is gathered outside of the yellow tape.
The boy grabs another stick from under the pool table, puts it on the table, chalks his stick,and then successfully hits the ball into the hole despite a woman trying to distract him.
The boy goes around the table and continues to hit the remaining balls into the holes, the crowd cheers him on, and he goes around the crowd and gives everyone high fives.
The boy hugs the woman who was trying to distract him the whole time, he puts his stick down, and she hugs him again.
A black screen appears and white words on the screen say "The Black Widow Jeanette Lee Worlds Best Female Pool Player A Ron Hawks Video".
A person is seen sitting in front of the camera holding an instrument.
The man then begins playing the instrument while the camera captures is movements.
The man continues to play moving his hands all along the instrument and finally turning the camera off.
A young girl is sitting in an empty bath tub shaving a man's leg that is thrown over the tub.
As she continues,the dog comes and she shows the hair on the razor to the camera.
A man is mopping a floor.
A woman is eating.
A little girl is standing in front of a kitchen sink.
She has a bowl and a knife in her hand.
She is peeling potatoes with the knife.
Two men are shown on the side of a building roof.
One turns to the side, using a piece of equipment.
They appear to be building a roof.
A point of view of a person shows himself sitting in a sled holding hands of two children in sleds.
A person pushes the three down a hill while still holding hands and lets go at the bottom to meet with the others.
A girl is seating in front of a table, playing an accordian.
She stares at the camera as she plays the keyboard and pulls the accordian in and out.
An exercise instructor is explaining the step.
She steps up on it and begins to show the exercises.
She goes in front of it and shows more exercises, stepping up and down and raising her arms as she steps.
She stops and explains more.
She turns back to the step and begins more advances steps.
She stops for moment and shows the fast step again.
Two people arm wrestle in a competition.
The losers arm is hurt.
A man is showing a crossbow and a knife and other hunting gear.
The man is talking to the camera showing a hunting bow.
The bow is shown in detail.
Another man is shown outdoors using the hunting bow to shoot a target.
The man is talking to the camera again indoors showing the hunting bow.
peolpe are running wearing stilts in an avenue.
man is interviewing an old woman in the sreet.
man is doing a high jump above a car in street.
man is laying down in a wooden table and other man jumps above the table.
men are jumping side to side wearing stilts.
man is helping a woman wear the stilts and walks in a gym room playing basketball with oher players.
people are in sreet wearing stilts and running and jumping .
man are sitting around a bench in street outside a restaurant.
team are jumping in stilts in the roofed gym.
A close up of a person holding a bag is shown and follows with the person taking out the items.
He lays the items out and runs a board across a ski.
He finally rubs the ski again and places the cap on the bar.
A camera pans between a person and the cameraman and leads into a man sitting in front of a drum set.
The man then plays the drums continuously and another man walks in and sings and dances.
Another man is shown close up and pans back to the drummer then ceiling.
Various shots are shown of scuba divers moving along the water as well as people riding and riding boats.
More clips are shown of people getting ready on land as well as swimming around the ocean.
A woman is on stage doing a belly dance routine, she is very passionate about it.
She starts to spin in circles, her dress twirling along with her.
Her dress comes up over head and then down to her shoulders, she continues to spin in circles and takes the dress off and holds it like a baby.
She goes back to spinning around until her dance is over and then she drops to the floor.
A band is shown on a stage.
A man is playing guitar, and the man to his right is playing the drums.
The person in front of them is dancing and singing.
A young boy is seen walking to the end of a diving board and jumping off the side.
The boy comes up from the surface and another boy is seen walking to the end of the board.
A girl is jumping and swinging on balance bars.
A woman in a black shirt is standing under her watching.
She helps her jump off and land on a mat.
A group of people wearing swim caps move around a pool and toss a ball around with a man on the sides waving a flag.
They play a game of water polo and throw the ball around to each other.
One throws the ball into the net and causes the people on the side to jump and cheer.
A video of the event shows in slow motion followed by men on the sidelines watching.
We see a man's face up close with his name imposed over it as the man prepares to run on a track.
The man runs down the track and performs a long jump and throws his arms in the air.
We see another man stretching his arms.
The jumper waits for the scores to appear on the screen and the man who jumped throws his hands in the air and runs away.
A reply of the jump is played.
A blonde woman runs and does a high jump repeatedly.
A woman in white in the background does a high jump.
A black lady walks past the camera.
The black lady appears again and adjusts something on the ground.
A man raises a red flag.
A woman stares blankly at the camera.
She takes a drink of tea.
She repeats the same action exactly.
She then takes another drink and makes a menacing face.
A man puts a tire over a machine and rotates the rime.
Then,the man uses a tool to loose the rime, then the machine removes the rubber tire.
After, the man takes glue and brush the tire, and then using the machine he puts the rubber tire in the rim.
Various picnic tables are shown on a field followed by a man putting on gear and others running through the forest.
Several people are seen playing a paintball match with one another and continuously moving around the forest and holding up a gun.
The person then runs through an area holding his gun up and shooting when a person arrives.
We see a person standing on a stair stepper.
The person moves a cord out of the way.
The man begins to walk on the stepper.
The person lifts their right hand.
Two men are standing in a room playing a game of tennis.
Behind the man,there is a row of kids sitting against the wall where a row of kids are watching them play.
The game continues,the child holds his own until the adult ends up hitting it and the kid is not able to return the ball.
Two boys are polishing shoes with brushes.
Then, one boy takes a shoe up to play.
A little boy put his leg in a big shoe and polish with a brush.
Then, the other boy put his hand in the shoe to polish it.
A man gets on his bike.
The tire is flat and he feels it.
He hooks the air pump up to the tire.
Tools are sitting on a brick wall.
He turns the bike upside down to look at the tire.
He takes a nut off of the wheel to get the tire off.
He uses a tool to get the tire off of the wheel.
He pumps a pump and then fills it with water.
He rubs chalk on the tire and puts glue on it.
He puts the tire back on the wheel.
He puts the air pump on and fills it with air.
He gets on his bike and rides away.
A gymnast prepares to mount a beam.
He mounts, then spins and flips several times.
He dismounts, raising his arms into the air.
A mascot is seen running around a field as the camera pans around a large audience.
Several mascots are seen holing sticks on a field walking around one another and leads into them chasing a ball.
The group continues running around the field as the mascots continue to chase the ball one after the other.
A person is seen walking along the snow and pulling a sled behind him.
The person cuts a hole in the ice as well as bait and finally catches a fish.
The man cuts the fish, cooks it, and is then seen eating it and walking away.
Two men are seen standing behind a table speaking to the camera and then hold up various objects to the camera.
They use tools on a tin can and then are seen sitting outside holding up more tools.
We see the opening  title screen.
We see stills of the flooring material.
A man cuts and puts the superfloor on the floor.
The man then unrolls carpet over the superfloor.
We then see the ending screen.
A man is holding a jump rope and talking.
He starts jump roping and doing tricks.
A man is seen standing in front of a mirror holding a razor.
He then begins shaving his face while still looking in the mirror.
He finishes shaving his face and looks back smiling at the camera.
A anchorman in a suit sits with a laptop on his clear desk.
A man is tackled by a bull.
The man gets up and his mouth is bloody.
People help the man out of the rodeo dirt area.
A black screen appears with white words that read "GoPro Hero3+Black Making everyday tasks fun 'Mowing The Lawn' Resolution: 1080p superwide.
A view from the top of a lawn mower shows a woman pulling onto the pull handle of the lawn mower.
The view change to the view of the lawn mower and the mower is moving along a yard filled with green grass.
The view changes back and forth from lawn mower view and the view of the whole woman mowing the lawn.
Two men are seen standing in a room and speaking to the camera while holding rackets.
The two then continuously hit the ball around the closed area back and fourth and point to the camera with a racket and run around.
An athletic man is seen running to throw a ball and another person hits it into the audience.
More clips are shown of people playing the game on the field with the audience cheers and players move around the field.
A woman is seen wearing roller blades and speaking to the camera.
She then rides around on her blades while looking over to the camera and speaking.
She continues demonstrating how to properly use the blades and moving around.
A person walks on the roof of a climbing equipment, then he goes down the wall and reach the floor and walk forward.
The man stand with the hands on the border on the equipment and descend down the walk with the hands, then he walk on hands sideward.
We see the green opening screens.
We then see a person shovel snow with a pusher.
We see an title screen.
We we a man plowing an ice rink with his shovel.
We then see the product screen.
We see a closing title screen.
A group of children are standing outside a building.
Adults supervise them as an officer walks by.
The kids perform various exercises led by the adults.
Words appear on the screen before it goes black.
A man appears, using squeegees to wash a window in front of him while he speaks.
He applies soap liberally before swiping it off with the rake.
He stops cleaning the window, and says a few words in closing.
Different people enjoy having a cup of tea together.
A woman blends the holds up a greased pan then adds a yellow butter to a bowl.
Flour is added to the bowl and everything is blended together.
Eggs are added to the mixture and blended in with a blender.
The woman adds a liquid extracts as well as additional powdered flour to the dish.
The woman adds cubed fruit to the mixture and stirs it with a spatula.
The host pours the ingredients into a pan then cooks them in an oven.
The women enjoy a bite of the dish together.
The host pours a cup of tea to enjoy.
A boy is seen kneeling down before a wall and begins using a tool on the carpet.
The man rubs his hand along the carpet and continues cutting.
The man continues to cut along the rug while rubbing his hand across.
A man is holding a wooden case.
He puts a towel through the case.
He begins to shine his shoe with the towel.
A man sinks underwater in a pool.
The man sinks underwater in a pool backwards.
Text is shown on a black screen.
A black screen appears and the white words on it read "Rob Lane is the MillionaireMaintenance Man".
A man wearing glasses appears outdoors in front of a fence and he's holding an air brush machine and talking.
The man then turns around and walks to the fence and begins airbrushing onto it.
The man stops airbrushing and starts talking again while hand motioning to the fence and to this airbrush machine.
Women sit outside in small chairs and hand wash clothes in plastic tubs.
The lady scrubs a garment on a wooden board.
The lady rings out the water from a garment then tosses it aside when done washing it.
A woman is lifting wallpaper as she tries to smooth it down without bubbles with a tool.
She applies the tool smoothly, making sure to repeel and correct any mistakes as she goes along.
An empty poker table is shown followed by a woman dealing cards and speaking to the camera.
She instructs on how to play the game while still speaking to the camera and smiling.
A woman is standing at a table with a pile of scissors and supplies.
She demonstrates how to cut cellophane and wrap it around a gift.
She ties a string around the gift, showing off the final product.
A man is sitting on a couch drinking a beer.
He stands up and walks out the door.
Someone is walking into a kitchen.
They open the fridge and get a beer.
They bring it to the man in bed.
He sits up and starts drinking the beer.
A person picks up a cell phone on a bed.
A man's face is seen close up speaking and leads into him smoking a cigarette.
The man continues to take drags out of the cigarette while blowing smoke off into the distance.
He moves his hand up and down to smoke and blow the smoke out.
An intro leads into a woman pulling out a bucket and piecing together a mop.
The camera pans around the bucket and the woman continues using the mop inside the bucket and moving around the object.
A close up of a high dive is shown followed by people walking up the steps.
Suddenly a person is seen jumping off of the high dive and into the pool.
A close up of a horse is shown tied to a fence when a man walks in with a reef blower and pushing it towards the horses.
He moves all around the animals flowing the air on their fur as the horses move around.
Individuals are exercising on various equipment.
A male and a female move back and forth.
A person puts slices of lemon over two glasses of lemonade with ice.
Then, the person pours water and adds sugar in a pot to make syrup.
The person press hard a lemon, and then cuts the lemmons and squeeze them using an electric citrus juicer.
next, the person pours a glass of water in a jar, then adds the syrup, the lemon juice, slices of lemon and ice.
Then the person serves the lemonade.
A woman is using polish in a container to polish a black shoe.
She talks to the camera as she works.
Black polish is shown dripping onto her legs.
An introduction comes onto the screen for a presentation about auto repair.
The video displays several different parts of the car that is being worked on.
The a dent fixing mechanism is attached to the cars to show how it works to repair one wheel.
Then it shows another wheel being repaired by the same mechanism.
Next, the closing credits for the video appear on the screen.
A man is seen standing on a field and begins swinging an object around and around.
He continues swinging and finishes by standing on the field.
Various shots of beaches are shown followed by the camera panning over several shots of waves.
A person is then seen riding a surfboard through various shots in the camera.
People are shown speaking to the camera when another person crashing on their board several times.
More people are seen walking down as more surfers continue riding the waves.
A person is pushing a snow plow through snow.
They are clearing a path down a sidewalk.
A white car dives by on the street.
We see a fitness center sign.
We then see a man talking to the camera and sitting and laying on a exercise ball.
The man performs sits ups while on the ball and talking.
The man sits up and talks to the camera.
The end screen is seen on a black background.
People are rafting in rafts down a choppy river.
People are jumping off a rock into the water.
People are doing flips off the front of the raft.
People are sitting on a boat pulling the rafts.
The woman introduces herself in the beginning of the video and then different pictures are shown.
She also talks about the fun you can have in Chicago and her big production of being the black widow.
The two people hold out hands to begin an arm wrestling match.
The women compete in an arm wrestling match seated at a table.
The women switch hands and and arm wrestle with their left hands.
The women have a rematch with their dominate hands.
The two athletes flex their arms.
A pair of handlebars are detached from the bike and is laying down flat on a table.
The man then picks up the handlebars and sticks them back into the bike tightening them with a key.
A large group of people are seen running down a field playing a game of lacrosse.
The people hit the ball all along the field while a ref watches them on the side.
The group continue to play together while the camera moves back and fourth.
An opening screen with the title of a song is shown.
We see a man playing a guitar in a recording studio.
We see a ending screen with the man's youtube channel address on it.
A small child is seen standing on the ground and begins boxing with another.
The boy uses boxing gloves to hit a man in front of him also wearing gloves.
The two continue to go at it and leave with the man standing up.
Many different women wearing many different shoes are walking a dog on the sidewalk, one wearing wedges walks up some stairs.
A man begins to talk about what seems like a dog stylist parlor.
There are many dogs being groomed and getting cute fancy hair cuts.
One of them is wagging it's tails very excited enjoying the situation.
A large boat with a wind sail on it is seen riding along a big storm with people on board.
The boat tips over at one point when another boat comes by and falls over as well.
A man performs stunts on the back of a motorcycle, falls off, and injures himself at which point he falls to the ground and looks hurt.
A man is hanging off of a moving bicycle on a down ramp.
The man falls off of the bike and onto the ground with torn clothes.
The camera pans the man's damaged clothes and helmet and his befallen face as he lays on the ground injured.
A man stands in front of the camera before being shown playing a game of basketball while punching a man with a pair of boxing gloves.
The two men shake hands.
A man catch a fish from a hole in the ice.
Then, the man holds the fish that moves on the ice.
After, the man put a metal rod on the mouth of the fish.
a girl is sitting in a chair talking.
A woman walks up to the girl and wipes her earlobes.
The woman then pierces the girl's ear.
The girl puts her glasses on after her ears are pieced.
A baby is sitting in a high chair.
An ice cream pop goes into her mouth, and she chews a bite from it.
She sticks out her tongue after every bite, licking at the air.
The woman is shown emptying two different foods onto the plate to make a fruit salad.
She touches the strawberries and apples.
Then she sprinkles little berries onto the other fruit.
A group of men have gathered indoors.
Two of them crouch in the center.
They flip to the center of the circle, doing ornate kickboxing stunts.
Several more clips of other fighters are shown, flipping, rolling, and kicking.
The two men hug at the end.
An athletic man is seen holding a discuss and begins spinning himself around in slow motion.
The man then throws the object off into the distance and slow walks back while moving in slow motion.
A woman is seen sitting under an umbrella with a hookah stick in her mouth.
She takes a couple puffs from the stick while blowing it into the camera and speaking to the camera.
Two men are in a small gym boxing and fighting one another.
They continue fighting and hitting one another as a person stands in the corner showing them.
After some time,they finish fighting and stand still across from one another in the gym.
A young lady with a grey jacket on is standing in front of a sink lathering her hands.
She then turns the water on and begins to rinse her hands and flex her fingers to make sure all of the soap is off.
After that is done,she grabs a white towel,dries her hands and wipes her mouth.
A crowd of about one thousand people are outside and in the stadium watching a bull fight.
Three young men are in the center and begin to tamper with two black and white bulls.
The two bulls are now fighting with one another and the crowd begins to close in on them to see the action.
A person in pink does tai chi.
She moves around but is basically doing the same basic thing.
She stops and is still at the end.
The male athlete bow then raised his arms then walked to the poles.
The athlete jumped onto the poles and balanced on the two poles, standing on his arms then falling and rotating.
When the athlete is done with his number he jumped from the pole and landed on his feet on the mat.
Elmo from Sesame Street is presenting how to brush teeth along with singer Bruno Mars.
Elmo pulls out a toothbrush and begins dancing while Bruno Mars appears brushing his teeth on the mirror.
Elmo is singing along as Bruno Mars continues to brush his teeth and the multicolored lights on the mirror flicker.
Elmo and Bruno Mars continue to dance along as they teach little kids the importance of brushing teeth.
A man in a suit and a lady in a sparking dress stand on stage.
The people then ballroom dance as people watch.
The man spins the woman in the air in front of him.
The man dips the lady and she kicks her feet in the air.
They finish and the crowd claps as they walk off stage.
A man cleans a small board of wood with a cloth in a workshop.
Then, the man uses flannel to polish the wood board thoroughly.
A young boy is seen wearing a helmet, speaking to the camera, and holding up pads.
The boy is then shown in various clips riding around on the board while also speaking to the camera.
The boy demonstrates how to perform proper skating moves while bending down and grabbing his board.
A woman is sitting on a rowing machine.
The woman places her feet into the straps of the rowing machine.
The woman holds onto the rowing cables and rows.
The woman stops and demonstrates the motor area of the machine.
Back sitting on the rowing machine, she rows one more time and places the cables down.
The woman removes her feet from the straps.
A man in a black vest is standing in a room.
He throws darts at a dart board on the wall.
A woman stands next to him watching.
A man walks up and pulls the dart out of the board.
A cross appears in the style of the tile under the water in a pool.
A man in a swim cap swims through the water toward the camera.
He is shown swimming from numerous angles.
People are talking in a room.
People are playing blackjack in a crowded casino.
A man claps his hands and signs a paper.
People continue to play blackjack.
Three boys in a grass covered back yard take turns playing a game of cricket on the lawn.
The boys take turns throwing and hitting the cricket ball, helping each other out by redistributing the ball back into the game when they land in the field.
One of the boys puts on a football helmet and stands on the side lines catching the ball.
A ball flies through he air on a baseball field.
The person with the camera takes off running.
The runner stops on the home base and turns around.
We see the people at the back of the field.
A close up is shown of a young child moving around on a swing and people standing around him to push.
The camera continues to follow the boy around the yard while the mom lays in the grass and then the daughter swinging around.
The parents play with the kids more, give them a kiss, and the dad walks away with the daughter.
A group of people transport a boat on their heads.
People jumps backwards on the river and floats on their backs.
Then, people in a boat raft down the choppy waters of a river while paddling.
People in two boats meet and start to throw water each other using the oars, then some rafters jump into the water.
Persons jump from a balcony on the rocks to the water while other people continues rafting.
A shot glass is shown, filled with three colors of liquid.
Several bottles of different colored alcohols are shown.
The liquids are poured one at a time into the glasses, forming the tricolored drink.
A blonde woman in a green sweater is talking.
She shows off a plate filled with pasta salad and vegetables.
She shows how she made the pesto sauce in a blender before mixing mini tomatoes in with the pasta.
She returns to the camera, continuing to talk before we see a final scene of the pasta.
A group of people are seen playing a game of soccer in an indoor field while a group of people watch on the sides.
People shown fighting in the stands and players walk around watching the fight and the paramedics take a man away.
A girl plays a wind box instrument inside of a house.
The woman laughs then resumes playing the song on the instrument.
There is a wall of paintings then the scene fades out.
People are standing on a balcony over looking a soccer event and the screen says Wuzler Cup Finale.
Two rows of people are playing table soccer.
The ball jumped off the table and a woman put it back into play and a goal was made.
There are cheerleaders for this event.
The red team won and are showing off their tshirts.
The scene changes to a reported behind a desk.
A large group of people are seen running down the street while many watch on the sides.
Several people are seen speaking to the camera as more shots are shown of people running.
People cheer others on on the sides as well as marching bands playing and people still running.
A young girl is seen walking to the end of a diving board with several other people around her.
The girl puts her arms up and then dives into the pool.
She's seen again coming to the surface in the pool and swimming over to the edge.
A child is standing on a stool filling a cup up with water in the sink.
The child puts purple gloves on.
They take the gloves off and set them in the sink.
A man is seen sitting in a busy city square playing an accordion while others watch.
The man continues playing as people walk around and notice.
A shovel rakes along the snow covered ground of a yard.
It pulls up the snow in large amounts.
A man pulls up the shovel, and sets it aside.
A man is seen speaking to the camera holding a window washer and begins getting the windows wet.
He then points to the window while wiping it down over and over again with various tools.
Several clips are shown of athletes running down a large track into a pit of sand.
More people are shown running down the track performing impressive jumps as well as celebrating afterwards.
Several clips are shown of athletes running down the track as well as jumping over beams and waving to the audience.
A man is seen moving in slow motion holding a tennis racket and throwing a ball up into the air.
Arrows point around his body and show him hitting the ball while pausing to show off his body movements.
An intro appears of a person standing in front of objects on a counter, then a white screen appears with a picture of an owl and the words on the screen that include a website and the gray words "Samurai Pro Knife Sharpener".
The man then picks up the two knives near his cutting board and demonstrates how they each cut a piece of green onion the cutting board, then he fastens the sharpener onto the counter, runs his knife through the sharpener a few times then goes back to showing how it cuts the green onion and how the blades look.
The man is touching, holding and showing the camera a closer look of the sharpener.
The outro is a person drawing the owl and the website onto a large piece of paper with markers, gives a thumbs up when they're done, then the screen goes to a digital white screen of the same owl that was just drawn and the website below it.
Two people are seen playing a game of pool while others watch on the side and conversation.
The men continue hitting the ball around the table and moving around.
In introduction with show title and website is seen.
A woman stands in bathroom and then places a contact lens into her eye.
The woman then takes the contact lens back out of her eye.
The woman shows a pair of tweezers and uses them to take the contact out of her eye instead.
A man is seen using a machine across a long stretch of leaves while moving up and down the lawn.
He continues pushing the leaves around the area and moving up and down the lawn.
A little girl in a room standing in front of some chairs is hitting a dora pinata.
She hits it a few times and then its someone else's turn.
An older girl hits it so hard that it doesn't break but the whole pinata falls down and the adults have to put it back up.
After everyone takes their tun the little girl gets to go again, when hitting doesn't work they all grab a piece of string and pull it.
A mop's attributes are demonstrated through computer graphics close-ups of various parts.
The mop is demonstrated in actual use.
The preparation of the mop head is shown.
More component closeups are shown.
The mop head is demonstrated again.
The video begins with four pictures of contracted human abdomens.
There's a young girl dressed in a blue tank top and black tights demonstrating the proper way to do planks and crunches.
She is laying on a blue Yoga mat as she does crunches.
Then she lays on her stomach by raising herself up on her elbows to show how to do planks.
A electric machine is attached to the end of a ping pong table and is moving with the motion senses of a person's hand.
After,several balls are then thrown towards the paddle and returned by the machine.
The person then walks across the table and begins hitting the balls faster and the machine speeds up to hit the ball.
A man is seated in front of a small canvas.
He uses a long pointed brush to create an image.
He then fills the image with paints.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into him holding several objects out on a table.
The man then sharpens an object on a board and finishes by brushing off the board.
The baker is putting a safe ring on a silicone molder.
The baker pour the batter in the purple molder, then he place a silicone tray in the oven and put the cake in the oven.
The baker turn over the cake in the plate and put icing and fruits on top.
The baker put safety ling on the molder, put jelly in it, then he put the jelly off the molder.
The baker made popsicles and cake decorations and chocolates using the molder.
A man in a black shirt is talking outside near a track and field.
He then walks over to a student athlete from Florida State University.
The athlete then begins talking and showing various techniques that she uses.
Once finishes,she begins doing a triple jump into the pit,she tries again, and then the man interviewing her begins doing the same jump.
The two come back to the camera and finish talking,she flashes her thumbs up and then leaves.
woman is talking to the camera holding a big cat on her legs that is sitting in a cat cushion and its caressing his head.
woman is holding a nail clipper and cut the cat's nails explaining the right way to do it.
A group of young men poses and goofs around in front of a table full of red cups.
A young man in black puts two shot glasses down on the table.
Another group of young men sit in chairs outside.
A young man in grey bounces a ball on the table and in to one of the cups and celebrates with the young man next to him.
A young man in black bounces a ball toward the cups but misses.
Another man holds his hand up next to the cups.
The two men that bounced the balls at the cups clink the shot glasses together and then drink the shot.
A young man in black pats the back of the young man in grey.
The young man in grey drinks from one of the red cups on the table while the young man in black pretends to punch him.
Another young man rearranges the remaining cups on the table.
The young man in grey and the young man in black fist bump.
A man is seen waxing a set of skis while looking back to speak to the camera.
The man continues moving his arms up and down the skis while looking up to speak at the camera every once and a while.
A picture of a young lady's bun is shown and then the lady then appears.
She begins by braiding one side of her hair and then twists it down and does the same thing on the other side.
With one twist,she pulls it up and bobby pins it together with the other side following.
The hair style is then complete and she more pictures are shown again of the finish product.
woman is standing in front of a poker tokens and cards.
she turn around the cards and mixing it.
cards are in a stack and split them in 4 and mixing it.
cards are in a stack and other person split it in two and put them in a transparent box.
people standing on side of the road on skateboards and with parked cars in a side.
boys are doing tricks riding skateboards in the wet asphalt going down a hill.
boys are gathered under a tent in the sidewalk and doing tricks in skateboard showing the wey asphalt and the wet grass.
We see a shuffle curling court.
Arrows point to stones on the court.
A lady walks off and returns.
Arrows appear to point to the stones.
We see two ladies, a different lady, then others.
We see a team of player throw the stones.
We see the crowd clap.
We see the score appear on the screen.
A man is seated on a couch, playing a harmonica.
He lowers it from his mouth when he is done.
The Province of Albay seal is shown.
Several team members are on a court outdoors, playing volleyball.
They lob the ball back and forth over the net in front of an audience.
Afterward, they celebrate, laughing and smiling.
A man sits in a chair and talks while holding a harmonica and occasionally playing it while sitting in a front of green cloth backdrop.
A bald man sits in a wooden chair and talks to the camera while holding, pointing to and occasionally playing a harmonica in his hands.
The camera zooms in for a tighter shot of the man as he talks and before the man pulls the harmonica directly up to his face and plays the harmonica briefly before pulling the harmonica away and looking into the camera.
A person is seen speaking to the camera and smoking out of a hookah pipe.
The camera pans around the area and continues to speak to the man and leads into a shot of a boat going by and a close fire.
We see a series of bowling bloopers.
We see a baby throw a ball and an adult fall.
We see a lady fall while sitting on a bench.
We see a man put a bowling ball in a cannon and shoot it across a field.
The people are shown slowly jogging in this marathon.
There is only one man who juggles white balls in his hands while jogging backwards throughout the whole thing.
In the end, the number of people lessens and there is just one person running and the man who juggles balls.
A group of girls on a rope jumping team do a routine in a large music hall.
A group of girls jump rope individually.
Three girls jump rope with two holding a single rope on each end.
Three girls jump together inside of a single rope.
A group of girls hold two ropes and take turns doing double dutch while members run through and jump the rope.
A young girl is seen sitting front of a piano and playing the instrument with her finger tips.
She continues playing while the camera captures her from afar.
A bunch of colorful flowers are shown, including their identification tags.
A man shows bees and different breeds, including a tree.
He teaches us how to mulch a tree properly.
A close up of a sink is seen with cleaner on top while the camera zooms in on the sink.
A woman is then seen rubbing down the sink with a rag and shows off the sink in the end.
A woman behind a bar explaining how to make a drink.
She pours several ingredients into a shaker and shakes it.
She then pours the drink from the shaker into a shot glass and holds it up.
People are rafting down a choppy river.
A blue raft goes down a high waterfall.
Words are shown on the screen.
We see a man and a boy playing by sliding a plastic thing around  table.
The camera shifts and we see more of the room.
The camera angle changes and we see them playing the game from behind.
A persons hand on the left enters the screen.
The camera angle changes again and we are in front of the players.
We see a boy in a sweater moving a chair to sit and join the game.
Some team is playing a game on the field, one of them scores.
The audience goes crazy and then the teams are back to trying to score into the goal.
The guy from the yellow team has the ball on the stick, he's running quickly with it and he scores.
They put the trophy in the air and yell with excitement.
A man is standing next to a pond.
He loads an arrow in the bow.
He shoots the arrow at a ceramic cat, knocking it into the water before moving on to other targets.
A person is laying back on a bed.
A person puts wax on their leg.
They put paper on it and rip off the hair.
A person wearing a costume is seen sitting in the middle of the street playing an accordion.
The person continues playing while the camera zooms in and several cars and people move behind him.
Several walking or horseriding individuals walk by the foreground while the camera focuses on a group of people in the background.
A gate opens and a horseriding man chases a cow.
The man lassos and secures the cow.
Others run up to help with the cow.
A gymnast is seen jumping onto a set of uneven bars and performing a gymnastics routine in front of others.
The man continues flipping around the bars and ends with him jumping down and bowing to the crowd.
A large mountain covered in snow with scarce trees is visible.
Someone begins skiing and then a man in an orange snow suit begins talking.
The person continues skiing and then two males appear talking to one another.
The person skiing then goes from the top of the mountain to the bottom and then hides behind a boulder of ice.
We see a man standing in a room.
The man starts performing tai chi.
The man turns and faces left.
The man turns to face right.
The man makes his way to the right side of the room slowly.
The screen then fades to black.
People are floating down a river in rafts.
We then see people getting rafts at a building.
A man is in a boat people floating in a raft.
A bus sits in front of the rafting facility and men stack rafts as other men walk with their rafts.
A man and a woman are floating down the river in separate rafts.
A logo fro a company pops up on a black screen.
A man in a yellow jacket and orange helmet is shown ocean kayaking.
Other kayakers are shown battling through waves and riding them.
A set of photos show the kayakers navigating the ocean and crashing into waves.
A man lifts  large weight off the ground.
He pushes it over his head before dropping it on the ground.
A large group of people is seen standing around several men holding a rope preparing to play tug of war.
Another group of men is seen with pulling the rope while a crowd standing around cheers them on.
A third group of men are seen playing tug of war with a crowd around them.
A forth group of men is shown also playing tug of war in a crowd.
A fifth group of men is shown playing tug of war in a crowd of people and dogs.
A different group of men plays tug of war with a crowd watching.
A seventh group of men is playing tug of war in a crowd.
A different group of men is playing tug if war and appear to be winning while being cheered on by the crowd.
Yet, another group of men is playing tug of war while a crowd watches on.
Another group of men is shown playing tug if war up close while a crowd watches.
Another group of men plays while people sit and stand in the background.
A different group of men is seen playing while people sit and stand around them.
A different group of men is shown up close while people sit and stand in the background.
A group of men is shown up close playing tug of war with people around them.
Another group of men is seen playing while people stand on the sidewalk watching.
A group of men in all black plays tug of war while people stand around them.
A different group of men plays tug of war among a large crowd cheering for them.
Some of the men fall down as they win the game.
Another group is seen up close with a crowd of people and a young girl screaming.
A man in gray shirt is sitting on a chair.
The man is pointing an empty canvas with his brush as he continue to talk.
The man hold out his brush, dip the brush on the colors and began painting on the bigger canvas.
An older man is seen walking towards the camera and points to various plants around him.
The camera pans around the area with all the plants growing and shows the man holding a tool.
The man then uses the tool along a hedge of bushes while looking back and smiling to the camera.
The woman wipes down the furniture with acetone.
Woman sprays silicone on table and wipes it off.
Woman compares old section to cleaned section.
A graphic plays that says "StuntsAmazing" with a link to their facebook page.
A man shows off a variety of pool tricks on his pool table in his house.
A graphic plays that says "Subscribe" and the video ends.
A woman starts running down a track.
She throws a javelin onto the field.
She gives someone behind her a high five.
A video of the swan lake ballet is shown.
They perform the act and interview some of the cast.
A camera pans all around a lake and shows a person riding around on a canoe.
The person gets stuck before a rock and finally paddles themselves past.
The person continues to get stuck around the area but moves down successfully.
A pinata hangs from a tree, as a group of girls stand in front of it.
One has a stick and is blindfolded.
She hits the pinata, then walks away.
Two people are standing by the water one of the grabs some board.
He puts it in the water and rides it, it goes pretty fast.
He turns it a few times and passes by someone else on another one.
He gets off and walks to a field with it above his head.
Two people climb a rock climbing wall at night in front of a narrow pool of water surrounding by a crowd of onlookers.
The two people climb slowly up the wall, when over midway up, the person on the left falls from the wall and into the water below.
Another race up the wall begins in which the person on the right falls off and the person on the left climbs to the top of the wall and then jumps off the wall into the water.
In the same setting, but now during the daytime, a lone person wearing skis catapults through the air past the rock climbing wall and lands in the water below.
These two people shown here  are riding their bikes over snowy humps outside.
They've rode over dirt humps.
They've also rode over sand humps in the building and other humps in a race.
There's a man in a blue shirt and beige pants sitting in front yard on brown mulch talking about lawn and garden care.
He points to the brown mulch and the shrub near him as he explains the do's and don'ts about lawn care.
A cowboy on a horse is released from a gate.
He lassos a young calf on the dirt.
He jumps off his horse and ties the calf.
Gymnasts do tumbling routines with flips and spins on a mat inside of a gym.
Men swings on hand rings as part of his tumbling routine.
The man falls on the ground while swinging on the rings.
The gymnast plays around a bit batting his ear and waiting for another person to clear the mat.
A blue raft is shown and a group of people are shown throwing them up in a pile.
Finally,they are by the water and about eight of them are sitting on the raft traveling down the water.
After a certain distance,they encounter a rock and a large wave and they all flip out of the raft.
The rafting continues and eventually they are all shown standing outside in a field in a large circle talking and drinking about a job well done.
two man are in a room playing row row row your boat.
two men are playing taking a selfie in a living room.
man is standing in living room playing beer pong and taking out his shirt.
man is standing in the living room holding a tennis racket and hiting a ball.
two men are standing in the living oom playing beer pong and doing other shot games with a bottle of whiskey.
A person is seen sitting at a table followed by two people dancing with one another and others sitting around watch.
The people continue dancing around one another and end by stopping and having other two dancing beside them.
A man is seen standing in front of a table holding up a bar of wax and other objects.
He pushes the wax into a sander and begins using it on a ski board.
He moves the sander all along the board and ends by showing it off to the camera.
The camera zooms in on a chef spinning around a spatula in a pan and putting more ingredients into the pan.
He stirs around the mixture and presses it to the side while setting down the spatula.
The logo "Weldy" appears over a photo of welding tools.
The words "energy 1600" and the Weldy website address appears.
A man is working on a white rooftop with one of the Weldy tools.
"energy 1600" and the website appears on screen again.
A close up of a globe is shown with a person pointing a hookah at it.
The man is then seen looking closely to the camera.
He finally blows smoke rings out of his mouth.
The intro comes onto the screen introducing a video about ho to climb rocks.
A man appears on the screen hanging from a harness to give some instructions.
The video cuts to him climbing the wall while he continues his narration.
The video cuts to another person in a green shirt getting help to try to climb the wall.
The video shows a split screen with two views of a man climbing the wall.
Then, a woman is shown trying to climb the wall.
A warning is displayed on the screen at the end of the video.
Scenes of women using various methods to curl their hair are shown.
A computer graphics sequence shows one particular device's functionality.
Several women display their curled hair.
The curling product is once again demonstrated by several women.
One woman's before and after pictures are shown.
A small group of people are seen swimming in a pool and leads into various clips of children learning how to swim.
A man helps them practice in the water as well as jumping off a diving board.
More shots are shown of kids swimming and leads into a girl grabbing objects under water and swimming with another.
A boat that has a blue sail with two people is sailing in a body of water.
The person at the front of the boat is leaning off to the side and is seemingly hitting the water.
The water starts to become more and more choppy.
The boat makes a turn to the right.
The boat begins to head to the shore.
A man is riding a pair of water skis while attached to a boat.
He swerves from side to side in the water, holding on.
He jumps into the air as a stunt, then loses his balance and falls into the water.
A man is seen standing inside a large room and begins hitting a ball against a wall with a tennis racket.
More shots of him hitting the ball are shown in the room and the ball rolls back to him in the end.
People are working out on cycle bikes in a gym.
A woman in the front stands up and pedals on the bike.
A banner hanging on the wall is shown.
Walking through the airport, flying on a plane and driving down the highway they get to where they are going.
A man in a white mask is getting ready to go bungee jumping off a very high cliff, he stands with his arms out like they are wings on the edge.
Then he jumps down, falling from a very high height, another man follows after him, and then the camera man himself takes the leap recording the entire fall.
They all take turns jumping, one of them even goes down backwards.
a group of swimmers are on a diving board.
A man falls off the board very suddenly.
He hits other levels on his way down into the water.
A child  in a stable brushing a horse hair.
the child walks away from the horse while speaking to get a bottle of liquid then returns to brushing the horse hair.
People are standing on a tennis court.
They are playing a game of tennis.
A man in a white shirt hits the tennis ball.
We see a girl performing with batons.
The girl throws her leg in the air and spins.
The girl does a cartwheel.
The girl kneels down and picks up a baton.
The girls finishes and throws her arms in the air.
The girl walks over and hugs her dad.
A groups of students  exercise and cheers on a competition, then boys wearing red t-shirt throw bowling balls and throw all the pins and celebrates.
Then, young people wearing green t-shirts are successful playing bowling.
After, girls play bowling who throw all the pins with the bowling bowl.
The winners of the competition receive closed envelopes and trophies.
A camera pans around a yard leading to a rake sitting up against a trash can.
A man is seen stretching off into the distance and begins raking the leaves.
He picks the leaves up and throws them in the trash as well as onto a blanket and handing it to a girl.
Two people are jump roping outside on a patio.
The boy leaves and the girls starts jump roping by herself.
The girl does a hand stand.
The boy starts jump roping by himself.
The girl does a flip in the air.
The boy does a flip in the air.
A woman is seen walking along a field and throwing a jump rope to another.
Several clips are followed by people jump roping in various locations as well as with each other.
The group continue dancing and jumping around public places and ends with a baby holding a rope.
A campfire is surrounded by stones.
A person adds browned leafs to the campfire.
A person uses a stick to move the leaves inside the fire.
A person moves backwards away from the fire.
A person moves forward towards the fire.
A room is covered to avoid paint being splattered on objects in the room.
A room is seen with blue tape on its borders and walls.
The floors of the room also have bag over the carpet.
The staircase of a house has bags over it to avoid paint damage.
A sparkly ceiling is seen.
An intro leads into A close up of a painting and a paintbrush swirling around and around.
The hand holding the brush begins painting grass into the painting slowly down the picture.
A woman is standing in a room talking.
She picks up a plastic bottle.
She starts dusting a dresser.
She wipes it off with a towel.
She dumps olive oil onto a rag and rubs it onto the dresser.
There are some swimmers playing water polo in an indoor swimming pool.
One of the swimmers is underwater, trying to reach the ball.
He throws the ball across to another swimmer who catches the ball.
Two swimmers are under water trying to reach the ball.
They pass the ball around as they swim through the water.
Then the swimmers swim their way up and get out of the pool while some other swimmers are still inside the pool.
One of the swimmers spits out water on the camera while still inside the pool.
A few other swimmerd can be seen in the locker room drying themselves after the swim.
The video takes place in a theater showing a symphony play a song.
The video shows close ups of several of the symphony members as they play their instruments.
The camera then pans out to show the audience.
The symphony continues to play as the conductor leads.
The video ends showing the entire symphony.
A band plays music on stage.
A man plays the drums intensely.
A large screen shows the band above.
People play the guitar on the stage.
A man walks out of a building and starts skateboarding.
He is skateboarding in between cars.
He walks into a building and sits down at a computer.
We see a red light then the title.
A man's biker gear is shown.
We are shown the terrain.
The riders take off on their bikes.
We see them ride over all types of terrain.
We see an Aerial shot of the bikers.
We see a lake, and a dog followed by a bike on a street.
A man uses a knife to open a coconut.
We go back to the dirt bikers performing stunts.
We see two bikers flying through the sky.
We then see three bikers sitting still on their bikes.
We see the end title card.
A young girl is seen licking an ice cream cone while the camera watching her eat.
She continues eating the ice cream cone and looking off into the distance.
A man in a red shirt is standing next to an exercise machine.
He gets on the machine and starts working out.
Words are shown on the screen.
Various shots of strings are shown followed by knitting supplies and people knitting in a library.
The woman give a small child knit wear and demonstrate how they properly knit to the young girl.
Several people in donut shaped inflatable rafts float down a narrow stream guided by people helping them in the water and watched by a small group of people on nearby land.
A group of people, float in a line, down a narrow stream of water in donut shaped, black inflatable rafts.
One woman gets stuck on a rock in the raft and shimmies herself loose.
The people reach the end of the narrow stream where a group of people help them off of the rafts and another small group of people watches them from nearby land.
A game of lacrosse begins and a boy by the name of Chase Madrid is highlights making scenes throughout the game.
Several different games begin and a yellow circle is drawn around him for each play when he is running back and forth.
When the highlight reel is finished,a black screen appears and shows the High School as well as the name for the player.
A close up of subway is seen and leads into a woman speaking to the camera and cutting up a piece of bread.
The woman then lays out various ingredients on the bread and rolls it up in a wrap.
Several pictures are then shown in the end of the sandwich all ready and people enjoying the sandwich.
A person in a black coat is scraping ice off of a window.
A kid in a yellow coat is smiling at the camera.
A boy in a green jacket is scraping the ice off of another car.
This man is on his hands and knees on the floor.
This is being recorded from a tv screen and it's really loud.
There's no one else in the room with this man and he looks like a woman who's being entered from behind.
A woman is seen standing in front of buckets and speaking to the camera.
She pours water into a bucket while dragging it over as well as mixing cleaning into it and beginning to dump clothes.
The woman dips the clothes into the bucket and shows where she hangs them and waving to the camera.
A black female is shown in a room with a black scarf around her head.
Black spots on her faced are then zoomed in on and she begins to apply something on it.
Next,she takes some spray and it makes her skin extremely oily and she continues to talk until the video is over.
A man wearing gloves is inside a building.
He rolls up a carpet and sets it aside.
He then sweeps and mops the floors until they are clean.
People are riding spin bikes in a gym.
Two women are working out on exercise bikes.
Yellow words come on the screen.
A man rows a canoe down a river.
Several other people are rowing too.
His canoe is colored red.
He finally passes the point.
A woman is seen talking to people out in public followed by a man washing his mouth out and kissing another girl.
He then presents the mouth to various people spread out through days and has the people speak to the camera about their experience.
A woman stands and talks  in a garden next to a bed of herbs and plants  and a wheelbarrow filled with mulch.
A herb garden appears with a woman standing next to it in a large garden next to a wheelbarrow filled with mulch.
The woman begins to talk to the camera while gesturing to the flowerbed and the mulch, before eventually picking up a handful of the mulch.
The woman continues talking before the scene morphs into video of a small red potatoes on the ground pulled up by the root.
A male mows a lawn using a red riding mower.
A man whips grass of his foot.
A large, black dog runs across the lawn.
The man stops and reverses the riding mower.
The man rubs his ear.
A few people attempt to surf in an ocean.
Sometimes they fall, but often the surfers do a great job.
The video is represented by North Face and Cliff Bar where they show mountain climbers at Yosemite National Park.
There are several people talking about the fascination of mountain climbing.
There are pictures of people wearing bandanas shown sitting on the mountain tops.
There's a man who is mountain climbing on a steep slope.
Another man takes a leap from the top of mountain in an attempt to bungee jump from that height.
People are playing hockey on an ice rink.
A person falls over onto the ice.
A person runs after a puck and falls over again.
He begins hitting the puck and falls again.
Ms Smith is giving an interview talking about weight lifting, she speaks about how she started around 12.
The coach briefly speaks about how gives them rest before every competition.
She lifts the weight way above her head and drops it wearing her uniform.
Everyone claps for her, and then you hear from her and the coach again before the interview is over.
Several men dressed for the cold are waiting in a room outside the snow.
They go outside, prepared to ski.
They begin skiing, going down a steep hill, moving side to side and angling through the snow covered trees.
A fast motion video shows a young boy beginning to climb across a set of monkey bars.
The boy makes it across and jumps down while another person attempts right behind him.
A group of martial artists and drummers perform in a street competition.
The martial artists in red pants and black shirts do kicks and flips.
Drummers wearing all black and red hats play the drums.
The performers finish their piece and the crowd applauds.
Two men are sumo wrestling on a ring.
A man in a robe is standing behind them.
A man trips and falls into the audience.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into him sitting still in a pool.
The man then begins swimming around the pool back and fourth with others.
Several shots are shown of him swimming around people as well as moving in the water.
A slide of pictures shows performing a marching band and girls moving around.
Then, marching bands play and girls perform holding flags.
A young boy is sitting in front of a desktop as he plays with a Rubik cube.
He finishes the cube and sets it on the desk and quickly stops a timer.
He grabs the cube again and begins to complete it.
He finishes again and starts another game of the cube.
We see a boy in a cap in a room laughing and sitting.
We see the boy backstage talking to two men.
The boy walks on the stage and talks to the judges.
The boy performs a break dance.
A judges mouth hangs open.
The boy finises dancing and the judges give their feedback.
The crowd lifts their arms in the air.
The boy walks off stage and is interviewed.
The boy walks away from the men.
A toddler wash a dog in a bathtub pouring water with the shower hose.
The toddler rise the tail of the horse and wash the butt.
After, the toddler, grab a brush and scrub and wash the dog.
A boy puts together a rubix cube and excitedly drops it.
He jumps up and claps his hands together so happy about it.
Another boy is doing it with only his feet.
It's a competition, the audience is watching as the people competing are being timed.
People are working in a bike shop fixing a bike.
They put the wheels back onto the bike.
The put the seat on the bike.
The bike is put together on the floor.
A black female is talking to the screen with long blonde curly hair and a black sweater.
A blow dryer is shown and the lady then begins drying a girl's hair.
The girls hair is then shown extremely curly and the young lady has trouble drying her hair.
The Red by Kiss blow dryer is shown again and the lady continues drying the young lady's hair.
A close up of a bag is seen followed by a woman looking in the camera.
She holds up a phone and speaks into the mirror.
Finally she jumps up and down a bit and ends by turning off the camera.
A person holding a broom cleans the floor back and forth.
The person turn the broom to collect the dust.
A man is on a galloping horse back riding for sport.
Horse back riding is considered to be a sport, a fun one but still work.
Like working with a team you have to work with a horse also, you have to communicate with a horse that doesn't speak.
Make it know when you need to go faster, when it needs to jump and such.
A large group of people are seen riding on horses and begin moving around.
The people play a game on the horses while chasing a ball.
The men continue to play and end by one jumping off the horse.
A man is standing in front of the camera talking and then moves behind the table.
On the table,he has wrapping paper,a yard stick,tape and a pencil and moves them to the other side of the box.
The box is then picked up and placed on top of the wrapping paper and the man measures the wrapping paper.
The wrapping paper is then taped and the rest is measured before it taped.
A woman is in a driveway, doing tricks and stunts as she jumps rope.
She increases speed, then stops as a man approaches her to discuss her technique.
She then returns to demonstrating how to jump rope, and the various names of the moves.
A murky river is shown next to a row of trees.
A bunch of people on intertubes go by slowly.
Then we see rapid waters as the tubers go over small falls.
Six people in helmets race on dirt bikes around a circular, paved track surrounded by grass, game tents and onlookers.
The people start the race behind a closed and grated fence, which then opens and allows them to start racing from an elevated platform down onto the paved raceway.
The racers pedal with one person in a white jacket in the lead.
The race ends with the same person in the white jacket remaining in the lead until they approach the end of the track and an orange, white striped cone.
There's a woman with short brown hair doing  makeup tutorial.
She begins by wearing a headband to keep her hair out of her face.
Then she starts applying some foundation all over her face and blends it in.
Then she takes an eyeliner and applies it with a brush under her eyes and on her eyelids.
She then takes some powder compact and pats it on her face and spreads it evenly.
Then with a brush she applies some eyeliner on her eyelids, followed by an eyeliner pencil which she uses on her eyelids and under her eyes.
She takes a pair of eyelash curlers and curls her lashes and then applies some mascara with a brush.
She finishes off the makeup with a lipstick that she puts on her upper and lower lips.
Then she removes her headband and straightens her hair to finish off her look.
She shows the before makeup and after makeup pictures to show the difference.
A surfer is standing in the ocean current.
A couple of other surfers join him as they surf into the waves.
They rides the waves to the shore together.
A man is shown bullfighting in front of a crowd.
The man falls and is run over by the bull.
The man is escorted out of the arena.
The man falling over and being run over is replayed.
Two people are shown reacting to the incident.
Slow motion video and still images of the man's injury are shown.
The video content repeats starting from the two people reacting.
An older woman is seen sitting before a drum set playing a set of drums.
She spins the drums around through her finger tips and continues playing the instrument while the camera captures her.
A logo appears then the word fencing.
People begin to fence together.
People gear up to fence and are shown fencing in a variety of ways.
A man is seen speaking to the camera behind a desk and leads into shows of people riding on skateboards.
More shots of him talking are shown as well as people do tricks on the skateboards.
People are sliding down a snowy slope with inflated tires.
A child stands in the tire and jumps for joy.
An adult gets up and pulls both tires.
A male stylist talks as he smooths a woman's hair.
He then demonstrates how to cut and style her hair, clipping it as he goes.
When he is done, he blows her hair dry and gives it it's final styling.
We see a white opening screen.
We see a lady ironing a shirt on an ironing board and talking to the camera.
The lady irons a sleeve.
The lady irons the back of the shirt.
The lady finishes and holds the shirt up.
We see a bright title closing screen.
We see a lady painting her fingernails.
We see a titles screen.
The lady files and puts on a clear coat.
The lady paints her finger nails blue.
The lady adds a top coat of clear polish.
The lady puts oil on her cuticles and we see the finished product.
We see the ending title screen.
A man stands behind a bar with several mixed drinks.
He pours ice into a glass and tops it with different liquors.
He then adds a small straw.
We see scene of a bullfighting with matadors in the ring and see them stabbing the bulls.
We see images of bloody bulls and carcasses being dragged on the ground.
We see images of a bull in a slaughterhouse.
Words go across the screen about torturing the bulls.
We then see a PETA ending screen.
An African American male is standing outside next to a tall rock wall.
The man continues touching the rock and begins stretching.
After, he begins to actively and ferociously climb the wall and come down on the other side but he does it without any ropes attached to him.
snowy mountain range is shown and people are doing snowboarding.
helicopter is in the air landing in a mountain leaving people in the top of the mountain.
people are inside the helicopter talking between them.
people start going down the slope snowboarding in the mountain.
peolpe inside the helicopter are talking and puting the winter clothes and talking to the camera.
A young girl is seen brushing her hair as well as spraying product into her hair.
She takes her hair in parts and begins braiding her hair.
She finishes braiding her hair and ends by a picture of the braid.
A young child wearing a helmet is climbing on monkey bars on a playground with a small boy underneath her.
A person riding a bike goes around the young girl and she climbs until the last bar.
A man is blowing a whislet in front of a room filled with people.
They are playing beer pong with several red solo cups, drinking in between plays.
A blonde woman watches as a man wins the game, hugging the woman next to him.
Two people are dancing in a dance studio.
First the woman sways her hips a little bit and moves one foot behind the other.
She also tells viewers to make eye contact with the person to make sure they're comfortable and at some point, the man spins her around in a circle and she comes back around for them to start dancing normal again.
A clear package of soft flexible hair curlers is shown on a black table as a hand picks up an unwrapped purple curler and fidgets with it.
The hand turns the bag around so that the contents are shown through the mouth of the bag before handling both the loose purple and pink curlers.
The hand continues to go back and forth between handling the two loose curlers and the full back of curlers before the video ends.
A man is mowing his lawn, he has chickens in his coop.
The time is speed up so quickly so it looks like it is in double time.
He walks around the yard looking around.
The yard looks very green and very nicely kept.
A boy wearing white shorts is standing in a room.
He puts something in his mouth.
He kicks his legs up to the side.
The kneels down onto the ground.
The words how to apply mascara appear.
A woman with long black hair is talking to the camera.
She holds up a wand of mascara.
She then shows how to apply it, one eye at a time.
A woman is sitting in a booth.
Her little girl shoves a vanilla ice cream cone in her face and laughs.
The girl continues doing it, and the woman has to wipes her mouth and nose several times.
A group of people are sitting and clapping while men standing up dressed in gi's along a mirrored wall go through different motions of karate.
Elvis Presley is now dressed in his concert clothing, standing on stage doing his karate moves, and then it goes back to him standing in front of the mirrored wall and demonstrating his karate moves while he's wearing his gi.
Once again Elvis Presley is back on stage in his concert clothing the video ends with him doing his karate moves on stage.
A man splits hardwood for use in wood stoves.
There are two techniques used, one with an ax and one with a hammer and ax.
There's a man in a red shirt and a checked shirt over it, standing in a park.
He throws a rubber tire on the ground.
He is standing near a park bench with a skateboard in his hand.
He is demonstrating how to do stunts on the skateboard by jumping up on the park bench.
He repeats the same stunt over and over again.
He falls off the skateboard a couple times but is successful most of the time.
Then he holds the skateboard in his hand as he talks while pointing to the bench.
A man services a tennis ball across the court.
The man turns to talk to the camera.
a journalist is interviewing a basketball player in a court.
man is polishing the wooden floor.
A man is seen standing on a rope and begins walking across the rope.
The man continues walking while the camera captures his movements.
He walks all along the rope to the end and jumps off.
A boy is standing outside on top of ice fishing out of a small hole in the ice.
The boy struggles to get the fish out and someone comes and takes it out for him.
Now there are four men visible and they all begin to fish out of the ice pond.
