This is a recipe for making chocolate chip cookies.
Chocolate bars are cut up with a knife.
Butter is microwaved and prepared with sugar and other ingredients.
Everything is stirred and the chocolate is put in.
The cookies are shaped and put in an oven.
A large group of people are seen standing around a pool as well as people writing on paper and speaking to one another.
More people are seen diving on a board and jumping off onto the side.
Several people are seen watching on the side as the kids continue to dive.
A black screen is visible and white words begin to appear.
Next,there's a line of ten boys standing together behind a rope outside in a large grassy field.
The boys form a circle and begin leaning to the left in a lounge position to exercise.
When they are finished,they begin pulling tug of war and the man on the left side with black suit wins.
Another group of boys are shown and they begin crouching down in effort to win the game.
A group of women dance in an aerobic class in a group inside a gym studio.
The women jump up and down on alternating feet.
The woman walk one way taking a few steps then back the other way during the routine.
A woman wearing a red leotard demonstrates a ballet move traveling toe move.
The ballet instructor shimmies across the floor taking small little side steps.
The instructor demonstrates a spot turn ballet turns.
The instructor than combines the side toe step with the spot turning move.
woman is posing to the camera in a white game in a presentation.
woman is standing in a kitchen talking to the camera and showing a plate of pasta and the ingedients.
woman is chopping vegetables and saute vegetables in a pan.
hen mix the vegetables with pasta.
A group of people re riding stationary bikes in a big gym.
One man moves a stationary bike.
A woman adjusts the top hat she is wearing.
Two men are inside an indoor gym.
They are engaged in a martial art called kickboxing.
They kick and punch at each other, trying to hit each other.
A large open outdoor area is shown by a moving camera.
A man wearing a helmet is shown riding a skateboard with a long wooden plan base in various outdoors locations.
A second rider joins the first rider on the skateboard.
A clip of a man not wearing a helmet and riding another skateboard is shown.
The helmeted man with the plank as a skateboard is shown again.
Several other individuals riding other skateboards are shown.
The original skateboarder is shown again.
A man is holding onto a bar as he is standing on a water ski.
He is being pulled through the water by a motor boat.
He is water skiing over a long lake, trying to remain upright.
A person is seen standing in the middle of a gym holding a tennis racket.
The person then begins hitting a birdie across the gym.
The person continuously hits the object back and fourth while looking to the camera.
A close up is shown of a cracked asphalt road.
Then we see a man walking, carrying a pair of inline skates.
The man performs stunts, going down staircases and riding medians, doing flips and riding backwards.
When he is done, he rides away.
This man is trying to shoot the white ball on the pool table backwards.
He keeps trying to shoot it backwards, but he just can't so he decided to do it the regular way and shoot forwards.
When he does it,  he puts the cue stick down and walks away.
person in a dog costome is walking in the outside of a snowy house.
person in the costume and cross the street to a car.
man sart cleaning he snow from the driver's window and the back window.
A man in a white shirt is holding a tool in his hand.
He starts chopping weeds down in a field.
He stops and puts the tool against a fence.
A person explains how to play squash holding a racket and a blue ball.
Then, he continues explaining showing how to hit the ball on the wall.
A man is playing a flute in front of a microphone.
A few other men are shown playing guitars as they sit.
The group plays for the audience, occasionally zooming in on individuals.
One man is playing drums while the others are on flute and guitar.
The lights move fluidly as they crescendo, and they screen goes black.
A close up of food is laid out on the table and leads into a man taking puffs out of a hookah pipe.
The man blows smoke rings as well as several other drinks while speaking to the camera and moving to various spots in the house.
Several performers walk out of a box and it ends up being one male and one female.
The lady then begins moving in strange ways and continuing telling a story in ballerina form.
After a few minutes,the male joins them and they continue dancing together with strong legs and firm arms.
A weightlifter prepares for his first lift.
Friends are watching and one films.
He squats and he lifts the bar.
He holds it for a moment, then drops it.
He starts all over again and completes a second lift.
There is a young man dressed in a black shirt going round in circles to show his hair from the front and back.
Then he takes a spray bottle and sprays his hair with water and combs it.
He then takes a razor and begins shaving the sides and the back of his head.
He takes a pair of scissors and starts trimming the top part of hair.
He uses a black comb and scissors to point cut his hair.
He holds the hair in his hand as he trims it.
He takes the razor again and shaves the sides.
He takes the scissors too and trims his hair.
He then blow dries his hair.
He takes a small amount of hair gel on his finger from the container and rubs it through the long section of his hair.
He then combs the hair to style it.
He runs his fingers through the hair to finish off the look.
He rotates around to show his hairstyle from all angles.
A lady stands in a yard holding a leaf blower before stepping over the cord.
The lady blows the leafs as she walks around the yard.
The lady points the tool at the camera and laugh.
The lady continues to blow the leaves.
An athletic man is seen standing before a beam and begins performing a gymnastics routine.
He swings himself around and around performing flips and tricks and ends by kissing the crowd and walking away.
We see a girl kick and sit down.
A boy joins her and they eat ice cream.
The boy puts his cone in front of the camera.
The boy licks his ice cream wildly.
A boy throws something at the boy with ice cream.
A person is pole volting over a beam followed by several more clips of people jumping.
More people are shown using the bar to pole volt over a beam.
A group pose smiling for the camera.
A group wave to the camera while more people in the background walk through the water.
The group go rafting on the water.
They wave again to the camera.
The group are shown in their raft as they sail along the river.
They are shown taking a break in the river.
POV footage from one of the rafters.
The group is out of the river and hiking.
We see a dark opening screen.
We then see two men practicing martial arts.
The old man pushed the young to the ground.
The older man flips the young one over.
The old man pushes him forward.
The young grabs the older head, and older pushes him down.
Man in green is pushed across mat.
Old man flip man in green.
The Man in white is flipped.
Older man pushes green man to ground.
Older man rolls man in green.
A bicycle  elliptical machine is sitting in living room by a couch.
A dog appears on the couch and suddenly a person sits on the machine and turns it on.
Once the machine is on,it begins to flash 30 minutes several times and the person begins to exercise on the machine pushing the bars back and forth.
A man sits in a room in front of a flag.
He is playing a black wind instrument.
His fingers position over the holes.
He is wearing sunglasses as he plays.
We see a man and a woman playing competitive rock paper scissors cut with scenes of the crowd.
We see a man with a mustache clapping.
The lady wins and the man in the suit raises her hand.
The man and the woman shake each others hands.
The man in the game shakes his head as he turns around.
These 3 men are shown rollerblading outdoors in the middle of the street.
They are dancing, going in circles, and spinning around.
Several men are shown at different rodeos riding horses and capturing the calf attached to the string.
As more locations are shown,more animals are captured and more people are shown watching the actions taking place.
Several clips are shown of people climbing up and down rock walls while many others speak to the camera.
Several more people are shown climbing on the rocks while speaking to the camera and making their way up and down.
a woman with pink hair is posing for the camera.
She brushes out her hair with her hands before separating it into sections.
She then braids the hair down the side of her head.
Several people are seen riding around on surf board with kites on the top.
They continue riding around and a small child is seen up close.
More shots are shown of them riding around one another and riding along the water.
A man is standing outside holding a violin.
He begins to play the violin.
He stops and sets the violin to his side.
A boy is talking in front of a camera in his room.
He smokes a cigarette, then blows the smoke from his mouth.
He begins making rings as he blows the smoke.
Two women are in a room standing behind a table and one holds up a teddy bear.
The two the help each other,and begin by taking out a roll of wrapping paper.
After,the young girl begins to cut,fold, and tape the paper and places the bear inside.
Finally,the task is complete and she holds the finished product up on the table.
A man wearing sunglasses is talking to the camera.
He displays how to cut the strings on the front of a bike, and remove part of the tire.
He replaces the part, explaining how the process is done as he goes.
He then speaks to the camera further.
There's a person wearing pink gloves doing a tutorial on how to clean a white kitchen sink.
The person sprays some white cleaning powder in the sink and then sprays some Clorox bleach on it.
Then takes a pink scrub and begins scrubbing the sink in back and forth motion.
The person makes sure that all the sides of the sink are cleaned, including the drain.
Then she starts the tap to wash off the powder and bleach.
She then uses a paper towel to wipe off the water and clean off any residual powder from the sink.
A camera pans around a large body of water followed by people swimming in the water.
Clips are shown of people surfing as well as swimming in the water and smiling to the camera.
More clips are shown of people close up moving along the water.
We see men on a boat, a saw appears then a man in a hammock.
the man gets up and goes to his mower and creates something on a wheel well and ties it to the mower and the shed door.
The man allows the mower to spin around the object and cut the grass.
It then pulls the object into the shed on the line and the door pulls closed.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera and leads into the news interviewing a man.
Several shots are then shown of two bulls fighting other while others watch and speak to the camera.
Two men getting ready for a contest by doing paper scissors rocks to see who goes first.
The men cross their arms and began drinking the liquids during the contest.
A young team of boys are in a gym at a karate match.
A woman walks her son out to the mat and begins fixing his mat and preparing him to face his opponent.
The two individuals walk up to the mat and the referee gives them the signal to begin.
As the boy is being approached,he kicks his opponent in the head.
The boy that is kicked falls out on the ground and his mother rushes out to make sure he is okay as the other boy takes a knee.
Once the boy is okay,the referee begins making several hand gestures and they conclude the match,the young boy goes to his mother and makes his way to who ever is holding the camera.
A person is seen wearing a mask over their face and holding a hose in their hand.
The person then begins spraying down the fence with the hose.
The person continuously sprays along the fence while the camera captures it's movements.
A person is seen walking forward and jumping up and down and diving in a pool.
The same person is shown several more times performing various dives off a high board while the camera captures him from several angles.
The harmonica is held up and shown.
A person holds a harmonica between his hands a plays a song.
The person finishes the song and holds up the harmonica.
A man in blue shirt and jeans is wearing black gloves and trimming the hedge with an orange trimming machine, doing the side first then the front and then the other side.
He climbed the blue-green ladder to trim the top of the hedge, he moved the ladder to do the middle top of the hedge.
The man trimmed the round low bush, used the ladder to trim the top of the round hedge.
A group of cheerleaders perform on stage while people watch.
Then, the cheerleaders make a tower and then jump, then they do cartwheels.
Two cheerleaders get up in a tower and then flips and fall on the arms of people.
The girls do again a tower and then spin and jump.
The cheerleaders raise the girls up and then flip down, then they continue performing.
A man holds a huge kite in a big field.
A dog chases the man as he runs and jumps.
The man brings the kite to the ground.
A woman blowing kisses at the camera, then inserting her contact lenses.
She begins to put eye shadow on her eyelids and rubbing it in.
She adds eyelash extensions on her eyes.
Then, she begins to contour her entire face little by little patting it down as she goes along.
A man is seen hosting a news segment that leads into a player standing on a field.
A person hits a ball and teammates cheer followed by more people playing the game.
The sport continues on with people throwing balls an hitting them as well as teammates cheering and the host finishes speaking.
woman is in a gym doing leg exercise and abs.
thw woman is sitting in a terrace talking to the camera.
woman is walking in a sidewalk with a white small dog and enters in a house.
the woman is again in the terrace talking to the camera.
A falls off a skateboard in an awkward way.
Then we see several other boys as they trip and fall.
They take sharp turns on suburban roads, trying to stay on their boards.
A man in a red shirt is working out an an exercise machine.
A woman in a purple shirt walks behind him.
Two people are talking to each other behind him.
A camera is seen zooming in on a building and leads into a man climbing up a large rock.
The man continuously climbs up the rock while looking around and finally makes it to the top while the camera pans around.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera while standing next to a horse and holding a brush.
She begins brushing all along the horse while still speaking to the camera.
She pauses for a moment to end while speaking to the camera.
A man demonstrates how to use a special dog collar and harness on a dog using both a stuffed toy dog and real dogs.
A man standing in front of a wooden fence holds a stuffed dog with a red collar/harness and holds the dog up while talking and demonstrating features of the collar harness.
Two hands are showcased holding the red collar by itself and demonstrating the features of the collar harness with still graphics to accompany the hand showcase.
The man stands, now,  with a real dog and demonstrates how to put the harness on the real dog, then goes back to demonstrating with the stuffed dog before finally ending with petting the collared, real, tan, dog as a black Labrador Retriever wanders into the final shot.
A woman is seen squeezing lotion out of a bottle onto her skin and rubbing it into her arms.
More pictures are shown on the screen of people and lotions as well as steps on how to use it properly.
People are roller blading about in front of a building.
A man roller blades fast.
The man lifts his hands up in the air and starts to stop his roller blades.
A man is in front of a mirror.
He is covering his face in a white liquid substance.
He then disappears for a while, and returns with a wet but clean face.
A boy makes repairs to a disassembled bicycle with the use of a solder in a backyard near the back steps of a house.
A boy enters the scene and pulls on a pair of gloves while wearing a sports protective mask, turns on a blue machine on the back steps and picks up a solder.
The boy then begins to solder a disassembled bicycle on the ground in  a backyard.
The boy then gets up and walks out of the scene after lifting the lid on his mask.
Two people are seen standing on a field in front of ball when one bends over to balance on the ball.
The woman then performs exercises on the ball with the man's assistance.
A woman is seen performing a belly dancing routine in a dark room with one single line shown on her.
She continues dancing around the room and ends by the room going dark as she spins.
A woman puts a cigarette in her mouth.
Then, the woman lights a cigarette and smokes.
The woman blows smoke from his mouth.
People are sitting on the edge of the water.
A guy is chopping something on the ground.
A woman gets up and walks away.
Several people are shown in a back ground of lasers are portrayed as members on a team.
A man from the team then comes along and starts to skateboard down the road in a community environment.
As he continues skating,he moves to a more rural area with large mountains and field in the open and points begin to rack up in the corner of the screen.
A man and a woman set up to dance before an audience.
The man and woman dance before the audience.
The camera shows three judges of the event standing and clapping or pointing.
The audience look on at the games.
A guy run with a thin, elongated stick and throws the stick.
The guy sticks out his tongue.
The guy holds his lips together and raises his hand.
The guy smiles and puts a cloth down.
A woman is seated, brushing her hair with her back to the camera.
She continues brushing with long strokes.
She leans her head to one side, continuing to brush.
A male athlete is running on a track.
He jumps high into the air.
He vaults backwards over a high beam.
This is shown repeated in slow motion numerous times.
A hand lines the loose area of the wallpaper.
The hand puts paste from a bowl on the back of the loose wallpaper.
The hand runs a scrub on the loose wallpaper.
The hand holds a blow dryer and the other hand rolls a device to mend the loose wallpaper.
The hand runs a scrub quickly through the mended wallpaper.
A girl with several facial piercings his seen rubbing lotion all over her face and powdering her cheeks and face.
She then puts eyeliner on followed by mascara and lip liner.
She colors in her eyebrows and puts on fake eye lashes, then rubbing some of the black off and more mascara on.
She puts a bit of blush in her cheeks and then smiles and waves to the camera.
A man pushes a lawn mower around a grass lawn area with tents cutting the grass.
The man cuts the tall grass around a tree.
The man shuts down the lawnmower and takes a break.
Some people are surfing in rough ocean waves.
They lay down on their boards, disappearing into the water.
The girl just rides the surf with her father helping.
A table soccer set is seen without players that is built out of Lego type blocks.
A ball is dispensed from an enclosure.
Two boys play a game of table soccer.
A boy scores a goal and the ball is retrieved from the slot.
A ball falls down a square chute.
woman is climbing a rock wall in a gym and a man is pulling the ropes.
woman start descending from the rock wall.
A large snowy mountain is seen as people gather on the ice.
They hit several pucks, sweeping them in a game.
The start of a race is shown as people run by and the finish is also shown.
People in costumes are shown and people are generally having a great time.
A guy is shaving a male's leg.
The male laughs and messes with his shorts.
The guy rinses the razor in a blue bowl full with soapy liquid.
A man is seen standing in a field with his eye closed and standing still.
The man then begins moving his arms and legs around his body.
He continues moving his body around with his eyes closed.
There is a man wearing a blue hazmat suit spray painting a tall fence.
He is using a spray paint hose to paint the wooden fence.
He moves the hose back and forth to ensure he covers the entire surface area of the fence.
A woman is seen kicking a man wearing gloves in his hands.
The man then walks around the circle while people take turns hitting the man.
The man continues walking around while they hit him.
An image shows a bag of m&m's and a bag of Maltersers being suspended in midair, appearing to pour onto a cake.
A woman bakes a round cake, frosting it and surrounding it by chocolate bars.
She then pours maltesers and m&ms into bowls.
She prepares the bags, making them look neat before sprinkling the candies onto the top of the cake, completely covering it.
She then places sticks into the cake, and runs frosting up the sides of the stucks before adhering the candlies to the sticks.
She then balances the bags atop the sticks.
A man in yellow opens a beer.
A man in gray grabs the beer, adjusts his clothes then sits on the floor holding the beer.
The man puts one arm behind his back and adjusts himself to try and pick the bottle up with his mouth.
The man then quickly drinks and puts the bottle down.
We see a countdown clock.
A boy is standing in the middle of a parking lot.
He is wearing a hat with a feather in it and sunglasses.
He is playing a bagpipe.
A girl is lighting a cigarette and blowing smoke.
An arm comes into view and the girl smells it.
She smokes some more and blows smoke as she plays with her hair.
She is saying something to the camera as she smokes.
She thumps her ashes and continues to smoke.
She turns around and then back to smoking.
She sticks her tongue out.
She pans over to a picture of a crazy looking woman and tries to imitate it.
She continues to smoke and talk to the camera.
She makes faces at the camera.
She gets up close to the camera as someone walks behind her.
The camera man captures a view of a thatched roof house.
A young girl in a black blouse and a girl in a white tank top stand in a thatched roof house watching two woman washing clothes Filipino style.
A girl in a pink blouse and a girl in a white t-shirt wash clothes in large tubs just outside the thatched roof house.
The camera man pans the front of the washing area while the girl in the white t-shirt rinses the clothes.
Five people are jump roping on a blue mat.
They do flips and tricks while jump roping.
They finish and hug each other before walking off.
A girl is standing outside in a field talking and hula hooping.
Another girl then tries to do the same thing but she isn't successful.
The first girl comes back and does it effortlessly as the second girl still struggles.
For the last round,the girl begins to hula hoop and drinks soda and runs across the grass.
A white intro screen appears with a red,white and black art swirl on the left side red and black words on the right that say "England Squash&Racketball" and the website in black at the bottom.
A man appears with a racket and he's talking to the camera as he hits a racketball then various small clips play afterwards that include him hitting the racketball as well as various other people playing, too.
The outro screen appears and it's exactly like the white intro screen.
A male athlete is outside in a field surrounded by people and begins to spin around and throws a shot put.
The crowd begins to cheer and the man throws his hands up jumps in happiness.
A patient sitting in a hospital chair in a hospital room gets her nails done by a manicurist who is wearing a green blouse.
The patient is listening to music as she is moving her feet to the rhythm of some music.
A woman is seated behind a wooden table.
She quickly moves color blocks on a puzzle, trying to solve it.
She solves the puzzle and shows it to the camera.
A man performs a hammer throw in an outdoor area, caged in, surrounded by crowds of people watching.
A man in a red t-shirt approaches a players circle on the ground inside of an enclosed metal fence area.
The man spins a ball, attached to a rope, around and around.
The man lets the ball goes and watches as it lands off screen.
A person is using a mop to mop the floor.
A small dog is chasing the mop.
They continue to mop with the dog on the mop.
Several shots of a bridge are shown as well as a sign and people standing on the ledge.
Two men then bungee jump off the side of the bridge and are shown swinging up using their legs.
A lady and a child are washing dishes in the dirt.
The little girl walks away.
The lady rinses her dishes and puts them on a shelf.
We see the boys standing behind the lady.
We see the shelf and the dishes.
We then see the closing credits screen.
A woman puts rollers to a young lady, combing a portion of the hair and then coil on a roller.
The  young lady raise her left hand to pass a roller to the woman while taking.
The young lady put a towel on front her face.
People are participating in a tug of war match in a gym.
The yellow team on the left side pulls the rope mostly to the left or wins.
An adult grabs the arm of a blue team member.
The man bounces the ball and hits it with his racket.
The man bounces the ball and hits it across the court.
The man then bounces and hits one more ball.
A black template with scrolling print with white lettering goes across the screen in an upward motion.
A motor boat with two canoe like hulls on either side  of the sail, sails across an ocean, in daylight,  with two people hanging on to the side.
The image of the boat on the water changes to night vision with only green and white colors reflecting before the credits roll.
A man is shown in a gym class leading at as the people step up and down on thier steppers.
The man is very enthusiastically jumping up and down trying to keep the motivation going.
He is very into it as is the class and they are dancing in sync with each other.
They conclude the routine by clapping and celebrating their hard work.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into clips of him climbing along a wall.
The man continues climbing along the rock wall and ends by looking back to the camera.
Two people are seen speaking to one another and leads into a man standing on the edge and jumping.
The man's jump is shown several times from different camera as he jumps off the side and back up again.
Several shots are shown of people performing impressive gymnastics flips in a large gymnasium.
The people continuously perform flips and tricks onto the mats with some being shown in slow motion and in pictures.
A group rides horses playing a game of polo on a field.
The group fight over the ball and ride in a tight formation.
A member on the team breaks away and rides toward the goal on his horse.
The young kids are bouncing on the big trampoline.
The young boy fell on his back as he avoided the ball.
The kids are wearing helmet as they threw the ball and other side of the kids dodge the ball.
Two adult people went up to the trampoline to watch the kids.
There is a woman dancing on stage in front of a man in the beginning.
There are many different women doing hip hop moves.
Fit guys stand on a bleach.
The guys play beach soccer.
A man gives an interview.
A player juggles two soccer balls.
A woman wearing workout gear is standing upright and hanging onto a very long punching bag.
Suddenly the woman jumps up and straddles the bag.
Slowly, the woman drops her upper half of her body while still straddling the bag, and does 5 sit ups while the bag swings with her.
The woman holds onto the bag, smiles, then jumps off.
People are playing a game of lacrosse on a field.
The teams line up and shake hands.
A woman in a blue coat is talking to the camera.
A man in a tan suit is talking into a microphone.
A man is dressed in a black uniform and approaches a small circle that is in the middle of the field surrounded by green nets.
The crowd is panned and then the man is shown throwing his discus as multiple people run out to track his distance.
An instant replay is played and the front of the man's face is visible.
team wearing yellow uniform are running in a field.
photographers are standing in he ield taking pictures of the yellow and blue team.
teams start to pla lacrosse in a big gren grassy field.
In a blue room two men are using tools and fixing up the carpet.
It seems like they just put in new carpet and now they are making sure it is held down correctly.
They use a nail gun of some type to nail the ends of the corner.
One of the men walks around checking to see if anything is missed.
A young child is sitting playing on a drum set.
Using his foot for the base and drumming on the snare like a natural.
A woman is on a piano playing along with the child.
They have a small audience sitting and watching them perform.
A indoor course is panned with camera in a warehouse setting.
An athlete runs down a track and pole vaults over a high bar and onto a cushioned landing pad.
The pole vaulter discusses events and sets down some wooden pools before use.
The athlete discusses more and is seen on television screens doing previous pole vaults.
The athlete sits with a coach and watches a tv screen.
The athlete stands and talks on the track and does a warm up run jumping on the mats.
The athlete lays on a mat next to a female athlete and stretches.
The athlete does multiple pole vaults during practice onto the mat.
The outside of the warehouse is seen in a city setting.
little kid is jumping on dry leaves.
woman is raking dry leaves on a yard.
kid kneels and grabs a dry leaf to put it in the trash bin.
The camera pans in on a volleyball player while she plays a game with others.
The camera pauses every now and then to capture her movements and pans around the other people playing.
A woman stands in front of a mirror and rinses her mouth before pulling her face close to the mirror and looking at her teeth from a close up angle.
A woman sits in front of a bathroom mirror squishing water in her mouth, as if rinsing her mouth.
The woman then spits the water into the sink and looks at her teeth very close in the mirror before the scene fades out.
A girl in a purple blouse sits on a fence post as she is brushing a horse who is tied to the fence.
The girl stands on the fence post while reaching to brush the horses mane.
The girl continues standing on the fence post leans onto the horses back and brushes the back of the horse as she smile at the camera.
The girl mounts onto the horses back as she continues to brush the horses neck and mane.
The girl in the purple blouse dismounts the horse and stands on the fence post brushes the horses hind quarter.
Two boys walk down a sidewalk near a pool.
There are lots of people doing different things in and around the pool.
Some boys jump off of the diving boards doing flips and other tricks.
A white screen appears with a green logo and green and gray words appear and it says "howdini get yourself a guru".
A brunette woman standing in a kitchen is talking and the words on the screen say "Howdini Guru Cricket Azima Chef and Author", then a green screen appears quickly and it say's "Cookie Exchange Recipes", and goes back to the woman talking.
Cookies on a plate are shown and the words on the screen say they are "Peanut Butter Blossoms", and begins to show the woman pouring all the ingredients into a bowl to make them, rolling them in sugar, putting them on a tray for baking, and then showing the final product when they're done baking and the website to go to to see the full recipe.
The woman is talking again and the next cookie she is shown making is called "cookie snowballs" and it shows all the ingredients needed, a list on how long to cook it for, and she's demonstrating step by step until it's all baked and on a plate next to the other cookies.
The video ends with more pictures of other cookies she wasn't shown making, then to a green screen that has white words that include a message to go to their website if you want to see more videos of their cookie recipes.
A person is seen bending forward on a gymnastics beam while moving his hands up to keep balance.
The man then attempts a flip but lands on his stomach and falls off, walking away in pain and his jump shown again in slow motion.
A hand is pushing a grass blower machine.
The machine spit out dry leaves from a black pole.
The machine turned in a curve towards the house.
A girl performances some gymnastics stunts.
A girl stands in place facing a lady.
The girl holds up her hand.
The girl turn around and climbs the gymnastic, wooden bar.
With her hands on the bar, the girl lifts and splits her legs above her head.
The lady moves a platform to the left side of the bar.
The girl sits on the bar with her hand raised.
The girl knees on the bar.
The girl stands on the bar.
The girl lifts off the bar and land on edge of the bar.
The girl back flips three times.
The girl takes two steps and front flips.
The girl lifts of the bar and lands in the same position.
The girl turns, jumps in place, and back flips.
The girl turns and spins with hands raised.
The girl steps forward, jumps and turns.
The girls steps forward and front flips and lands at the edge.
The girl back flips three times off the bar and lands on a blue mat.
Family day at the beach, father and son are walking around and then they start to play in the sand.
They have a sand in buckets trying to build sand castles.
When they take the bucket up the sand isn't very stable at all.
The little boy goes and kick down all the castle parts that they were creating.
Several people exercise in a room.
The step on and off of a platform in rhythm.
They are very dancing intensely.
Some of them spin in circles.
Several pictures of different individual are shown white water rafting as an intro for a video.
Men then arrive in a field and take the rafts out before more pictures are shown.
The men then stand in the field with their paddles and actually get in the raft demonstrating the proper way to row.
Finally,they are in the water and all of them begin to paddle throughout the water.
More people join them and they eventually get out of the water and walk back to land.
A young man is washing clothes inside a bathroom sink as he talks to the camera.
Initially he starts to wash the clothes with both hands.
Afterwards  he adds more soap using two different bottles to the sink.
Subsequently he keeps washing the clothes as he talks to the camera.
A person holds their eye open.
They put a contact lens in the eye.
They then take the contact lens out of their eye.
Two men are running on the baseball field.
A ball appears and falls to the ground at home plate and a man kicks it.
Another man on the field catches the ball.
The man with the ball's team runs over to him.
We see the play again slow motion.
A man in a black shirt is talking.
Several people are kneeling down on a red mat doing stretches.
Cows are running through fields with men chasing after them with sticks.
The men are agitating the cows and causing them to fight with one another.
The men are singing and dancing around the cows.
The media interviews men from the crowd.
A female reporter is holding a microphone while doing a news report.
A large crowd of men are following her.
A man is standing in a gym preparing to lift a set of weights placed on a bar.
Next the screen  flashes to a younger male jerking and then drops the bar on the ground.
Several more people are shown lifting weights and dropping them on the ground.
The man begins to dance as he lifts and drops the bar and the continuation of weightlifting is repeated.
After,the men continue walking around the gym eating a protein bar.
A close up of a chair is seen followed by a woman walking into frame.
The woman sits in the chair and begins putting a pair of shoes on.
She puts both on and stands up to move her feet around.
A person is seen walking into frame holding an instrument in front of a piano.
He plays the instrument in front of the piano and walks back to the camera.
People are riding bicycles on a track.
A man crashes and lands on the track.
A man in a hat is talking to the camera.
People continue to ride bikes on the track and crashing.
man is standing in a room opening the blinds.
men are skating on sidewalks by the street with a lot of people around.
A family talks about making healthy food.
They start by making smoothies and read ingredients from coconut sugar.
They blend food and prepare the food and then blend the smoothie.
We see two little girls in coats playing in the sand.
We pan left and see the ocean.
We return to the girls.
The wind blows he left girls hood on to her head.
We pan left to see the ocean again.
The left girl moves her hair out of her face as she talks to the camera.
A gymnast prepares to mount a beam.
He mounts, then proceeds to do many flips and handsprings.
When he is finished, he dismounts.
We see a dart board on a wall.
Two men are playing a game of darts.
We see the camera operator.
We see a man up close in the camera.
We see a man up close.
We see a mans socks and a man close to the camera.
A man is seen speaking into a mike that transitions into a close up of a beer pong table as well as people playing.
Shots of beer are poured, people playing rock, paper, scissors, dealing money, and computer screens for music.
More people are shown playing beer pong while being interviewed on camera and walking around a room.
Several more shots are shown of people dancing, playing pong, fighting, and speaking to one another.
A man is crouching on the ground, cleaning something.
Several cars are parked in a parking lot.
People are seeing washing the cars with soap and water.
A man pours an egg into a small pan.
He sets the pan onto a stove.
He dumps the food out onto a plate.
Two sumo wrestlers are seen fighting that leads into people walking in and others dancing together.
More wrestlers bend down towards one another and begin wrestling while people drum on the side.
More people are walked in and continue wrestling on the pit.
A girl in a blue shirt holds up a pack of fake finger nails.
She sticks them onto her finger nails.
She is showing her finger nails to the camera.
A man is seen wearing sunglasses and speaking to the camera while holding a lacrosse stick.
The man continues to speak to the camera while moving the stick all around.
In the end is seen still speaking while moving his legs as well as showing how to properly throw the ball.
A female gymnast is spinning and jumping on a pair of high beams as her coach watches, prepared to catch her.
He steps onto the beam as she dismounts, arms in the air.
A close up of a cartoon earth is shown, followed by a cartoon man with a javelin.
The man is then shown throwing three different javelins in competition, interspersed with words on the screen.
Two people are playing a game of ping pong.
People are playing basketball behind them.
The man grabs the ball again and serves it across the table.
The man is holding a phone and taking a picture with the girl.
We see a man and people entering a stadium.
We switch to people on teams, and military marching in a yard.
People are playing a game with sticks.
We see a group of people on a team standing in a a circle.
We see a man walking down the street then a person sitting on the sidewalk.
Gymasts are standing in a competition room.
A man mounts a beam.
He begins to spin, flips, and do several tricks.
He dismounts, raising his arms into the air and bowing.
Several clips are shown of people swimming in the water leading into a woman looking at the camera and still moving around under the water.
The woman continues floating in the water followed by grabbing a boogie board and performing various moves around the water.
The video is showing clips of gymnastics players performing tricks along a padded area, while judges and spectators look on and cheer.
The first player hits her head at the end of her performance.
The video continues to show many other gymnasts competing, with the audience cheering after the completion of each performance.
The video ends with a male performer.
A boy surfs in a big wave.
A group of people lye down on surfboards in a wave.
Suddenly, a boy stands an surf below the wave.
Men stand in the beach holding surfboards.
A man is shown working out on several different pieces of exercise equipment as well as adjusting the settings.
The man puts in a USB and continues to ride around on the machines.
He adjusts more settings as well as watches tv when he works out and close ups of his feet and body shown.
A lady kneels in a canoe as she rows on a lake.
A lady attempts to stand on one foot in the boat and falls into the lake.
A lady has one foot in the water and one in the boat and she starts doing push-ups on the boat.
The lady finishes and shows her muscle to the camera.
We see an emblem on the screen.
A man chops wood with an ax on the snow.
A person stands behind the man.
A person handles the spliced firewood to a man.
The man continues chopping firewood with the ax.
The ax gets stack in a piece of wood, but the man get it off  and continues cutting the firewood.
Various shots of signs are shown as well as people walking around a field and getting ready for events.
Many people are interviewed for the camera and show people waving and getting ready on the sides.
People wave to the camera and stand around holding signs while more speak to the camera and show games of hopscotch.
A man stands in a doorway talking.
The man climbs a ladder and adds a piece of wallpaper to the wall.
The man uses a tool before turning to speak then smooths it out.
The man speaks and uses another tool to cut a piece off then wipes the ceiling.
A man is seated at a piano, looking confused as he plays and an elderly woman watches.
He speeds his playing as she stands.
The audience looks perplexed and amused, dancing in place.
The people get up and dance to the music.
He then walks away with his arm in a woman's.
People are shown interacting in a dance hall.
A woman smokes and exhales black smoke.
A man approaches a table and places food on it.
Two children eat under the table.
Two individuals dancing together kiss.
The woman smokes and the black smoke disappears.
A person gather mops and cleaning materials on a hard floor.
The person cleans the hard floor using a dust mop.
Then, the person puts a cup of detergent in a litter of water, then wet a cloth and attaches to a handle to mop the floor.
The person removes stains on the floor using a cloth with a special solution.
A man throwing the frisbee to his dog and the dog catches.
One owner does a hand stand a throws the frisbee to his dog, who is able to catch.
Many owners and dogs throwing and catching frisbees and doing tricks while doing so.
A woman opens her arms and her dogs jumps into them, she catches the dog.
Several contestants are on a stage standing behind a podium made to look like a Rubik cube.
A boy then places a blind fold on his forehead as a man stand to his left examining his every move.
The cube is then picked up off the counter and the timer begins as he attempts to solve the puzzle.
After thirty five seconds,he pulls the blind fold down over his eyes and continues to try and solve the cube.
A minute and fifteen seconds has passed and the boy puts the cube down and the timer stops.
Everybody is extremely happy for him and begin and congratulates him as the other opponents are still attempting to solve theirs.
An intro appears showing empty glasses, a card that say's "Audi Polo Challenge 2014", an Audi flag blowing in the wind, close up shots of a white horse, people with drinks, cars driving, polo riders getting on their horses, and a large group of people near and in a tent both standing and sitting.
The polo match begins and the men are riding on hroses that are going very fast as they all attempt to hit the ball with their sticks.
There are a lot of celebrities and even royalty at this polo event and every now and then they are shown, and sometimes they are also interviewed.
Between matches the people all go out into the grass and put the patches of grass back into the holes that are missing them, and the polo game continues for another round.
The polo match ends and Prince Harry and Prince William are seen separately receiving a white box from a man, while they talk and shake hands as people clap and take pictures.
The video starts with several shots of bmx riders riding along a track with one taking a hard fall.
Several more shots of people riding on a track are shown with many standing on the sidelines to watch.
More falls are shown with a slow motion affect and more people continue to ride around.
A young girl is outside running down the road between a forest and then ends up in the airport.
She is sitting down playing on her iPad and then begins to board an airplane.
The plane lands and she is in a cabin and begins skiing at a resort.
As she is skating,she changes her skis and the screen is covered with a grey static like film and the person continues with her snow activities.
A young girl is at a park and grabbing and hanging on triangles that are hanging and makes her way going forward and across 7 triangles.
As soon as she reaches the end she goes back 3 triangles without turning around and then turns herself around on the 4th triangle and continues back to where she started .
The young girl jumps down on the platform, smiles and waves.
a lot of people are on a marathon running in street while people is on sides.
different women and men are acrossing the finish.
A man is kneeling down in the dirt over a a silver bowl that is full of soap.
In the large bowl,he begins to move a white shirt as if he is washing it.
Finally,he stops and takes a hose to finish rinsing the water.
A little boy is getting on the swinging closing his little safety guard.
He closes it and builds up some momentum to start going fast.
He kicks his feet back and forth getting pretty high.
He just enjoys his time swinging back and forth outside enjoying the day.
Various women are seen walking around with shot puts in their hands followed by more shots of athletes walking around, throwing the ball, and waving to the crowd.
The video continues on with several different shots of female athletes throwing shot puts as well as cheering to the crowd and moving around.
A woman is doing a gymnastics routine on uneven bars.
A woman does flips on the bar.
She jumps off and lands on a mat.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while standing in front of exercise equipment.
He continues speaking and leads into clips of a person's feet moving on the machine.
The man the uses the machine continuously while pointing to his body and showing off his legs.
There is one man who's in the room with two other men and he lifts up a weigh that weighs over 400 pounds.
Next he lifts up a weight that is heavier than the last one.
He gets, a handshake and a hug from an elderly man.
Then someone gives him money and someone else who's sitting in a chair gives him a highfive.
A small boy swings out off a large piece of playground equipment.
He swings across the bars, trying to hold on.
He makes it all the way to the end before jumping off.
A little boy is standing eating ice cream.
There is a dog on the floor behind him.
He laughs and turns around.
An ox is held by a trainer in a city plaza.
Two ox duel with horns in a corral while trainers guide them.
The ox charge at the trainers lined up against the wall.
Spectators watch and walk in the stands during the event.
A man is surfing on a large wave in the water.
The water and the sky is red.
Several people are surfing on the water.
An underwater coral reef is shown.
The scuba diver rides a horse and then looks at rays.
Several players are on an ice rink.
They are playing hockey against each other.
One team scores a goal.
Everyone cheers about the goal.
A person in a protective white suit and goggles sprays a surface with purple paint using a spray gun in a room with white walls and floors.
The person then spins the surface around on a spinning table and paints the sides.
The finishes matte product is shown, dried, in the plain white room where the painting happened.
There are two teams playing volley ball in an indoor stadium in front of a large number of spectators.
The green and yellow team is playing against the red team.
The players dive up high to throw the ball across the net to their opposing team.
Then the green and yellow team plays against the blue team.
The red team is back to play with the green and yellow team.
Then the blue team returns to play against the green and yellow team.
The volley ball game continues as the red team and blue team alternately play with their opponents.
A young man wearing blue jeans and a blue and white plaid long sleeved button up shirt is sitting on the ground with his legs wide opened on a board that has numbers on it in a triangular shape.
There are two elderly women holding sticks, and they are getting ready to hit the disks across the board into the man's crotch while 5 men are standing alongside the board watching and cringing.
The woman shoves the disk across the board and it hits the man in the crotch, the second woman shoves the disc across the board and it hits the man in the crotch very hard and the guys all laugh and gringe then help the guy up.
A man is giving advice on outdoor activities, specifically mushrooming and closeup is shown and the man talks about it.
The man cuts one open and then cuts it in half.
Another man talks about the experience.
At the fair the bumper cars are being used.
A bunch of different people are riding around bumping into each other.
They are just driving around aimlessly in circles as they hit and get hot by other riders.
This is innocent fun during summer nights when you're bored and the fair is in town.
A chef is seen standing behind a counter speaking to the camera.
The man is then seen holding up several tools and presenting them to the camera.
The man then uses the tool in a bowl of salad and presents it to the camera.
A man approaches a large mountain, with friends, and climbs it while attached to a green rope until he reaches the top.
A group of young people approach the base of a mountain and set down their things where they smile and prepare to climb the mountain.
A long green rope is shown on a large rock after which a man in glasses begins to climb a mountain using metal hooks in the mountain and his feet to climb the mountain.
The man smiles and gives the camera a thumbs up when he gets to the top of the mountain.
A man carves a pumpkin and a piece of ice,  then the man holds a carved pumpkin and put it on a bench.
A young man takes pictures of artistic ice sculptures, while a person carves a piece of ice in the street.
The man shows how to carve a pumpkin using carving tools to make faces.
The carved pumpkins with scary faces and an ice sculptures are displayed in a room.
A close up of ballet shoes are shown followed by a woman putting them on and moving around in a bedroom.
She moves her arms and feet in the point shoes  and whips her hair all around the room.
A man is holding a surf board.
Birds fly into the sky above the water.
He surfs the waves in the water.
He is in the car talking.
He surfs in the water some more.
The birds are flying over the water again.
Two men are talking on the sidewalk.
An orange fork lift goes by behind them.
One of the men is brushing the other mans hair.
The man in the red shirt plays with his hair.
A caucasion woman is standing in the kitchen talking to a toddler and they begin banging their fist on the island.
A red screen appears with a picture of lemonade and the two reappear.
The lady begins talking extremely energetic to the camera.
The two then begin dumping ingredients into a blender,beginning with strawberries and ending with syrup.
Lastly,the toddler dumps a cup of ice in the blender and the lady blends the ingredients.
Once done,the lady grabs two cups and fills them up and the two of them enjoy a drink together.
A man is shown on parallel bars doing a routine on them.
He is very focused and flipping and rocking back and forth.
The athlete then dismounts the bars and lands on his feet.
Various shots of the same routine are shown with pauses in between and notes as to proper technique are shown.
A woman attempts to remove her coffee from a glove compartment, but it won't budge.
She leans forward, waving away the camera man as she tries to take a drink.
She finally is able to remove the cup.
A plate of creamy cabonara is shown and the ingredients appear in small clear dishes.
Salt is then added to a pan and the spaghetti begins to boil.
A bit of oil is then placed in a skillet and Canadian bacon and onions are being fried.
Next,more ingredients are added with pasta and egg yolks.
Finally,the sauce is done and all of the ingredients are compiled and cheese is added to the dish as it is positioned on the plate.
After,more entrees are shown and the screen ends on the url of Ulampinoy's website.
man is standing in an ice rink practicing hockey.
man is putting hockey uniform.
A man cuts the hedge of a house using a trimmer.
The man stops cutting and pulls the wire of the trimmer and continues cutting.
Various shots of a city are shown followed by a girl playing violin and many other watching.
Another girl steps in and joins her by singing and several others join in to sing as well.
A mime walks in with fireworks while the group still sings and many around are seen laughing and smiling.
Several percussionists stand on a field.
They march in place on the field.
They are drumming in sync.
A woman walks by with a video camera.
A woman is seen running down a long track and jumping into a pit.
The camera watches her as she walks away and sticks her tongue out to another person.
We see a man in the upper corner and out over the hood of a car while driving.
The car stops at an intersection.
The car makes a u-turn.
The man drives into a car wash and gets out.
The man pressure washes ice off his car and continues rinsing his car.
The man shows his wet car.
A person is seen kneeling down on the floor laying out plaster as well as onto a tile.
The person then flips over the tiles and places them down on the floor.
A man with a saxaphone around his neck talks to the camera in a dim room.
The camera changes like a box spinning.
The man looks around then he is playing his saxophone.
A website a person the screen in the lower left corner and the screen fades.
Various groups of men are shown that leads into a man wearing a uniform and speaking to the camera.
He then leads a group of people to play an instrument all together while the camera pans around.
A man is mopping a dirty public bathroom floor.
He pushes the mop back and forth, making the floor clean and shiny.
A man is seen standing on a ladder and leads into several pictures of him on the ladder and then painting the wall with another.
They're seen hanging up posters, climbing up and down ladders, and finally cutting carious foods on a large stick afterwards.
A person ski on the pent of a hill covered with snow.
Then, the person arrives to a flat area where there are four people.
A lady stands in a living room and discusses.
The lady easily pulls the wallpaper of the wall.
A woman paints the wall with a liquid.
The woman puts wallpaper on the area.
The woman cuts the wallpaper with a box cutter.
The woman paints the wallpaper with paint.
Several people are seen kite surfing along the water and one performing tricks.
More people perform tricks and one fall off the side, immediately climbing back on.
A gun is seen moving around several corners and hitting people in various places.
More shots of a person running around a paintball field as shown as well as pointing to others, shooting others, and hiding behind objects.
The men group together in the end, give a thumbs up, and show more shots of people shooting.
A person is welding a small square metal object.
A flame exit a tube and a light sparkles form the welding machine.
Two men weld to join to big cylinders.
A gymnast is seen standing ready with her arms up in the air in front of a large crowd.
The girl then jumps up onto a beam and begins performing gymnastic tricks.
The girl continues flipping and spinning around and ends with her jumping off to the side.
A boy and a man take turns playing billiards while a crowd watches.
The man wipes his face with a towel.
The boy wins and the crowd cheers.
Several men pick up the boy in celebration.
The winning shot is replayed in slow motion.
A person is using a vacuum attachment to vacuum the wood floor.
The person then vacuums a rug on the floor.
The person vacuums the back of a cat laying nearby.
The person returns to vacuuming the wood floor.
A close up of a man's face is seen followed by a razor on the side and the person combing it's hair.
The person continues shaving and combing the mans hair as well as shaving his beard covering in shaving cream.
The man wipes off the face when he's done and showing off the clean shave.
A woman is raking leaves into a large pile.
A man is running a lawn mower over leaves.
He puts some of the leaves into a garden bed.
A woman talks to the camera while a man stands beside her.
The man turns and walks away while the woman demonstrates the female perspective of the dance sequence by herself.
The man rejoins the woman and talks to the camera while demonstrating the sequence of steps from the male perspective.
The two demonstrate the dance together without commentary.
Two men are seen standing around a shuffleboard table followed by the men hitting pucks across the board.
The men continue hitting the pucks and zoom in on their faces in the end.
Several kids are driving bumper cars in a group at a fair.
A younger girl gets stuck and a man walks over to help her.
The groups time runs out and all of the kids stand up and exit the bumper car area.
The kids all go down the stairs and back to the fair area.
There are lots of people of all ages around doing different things at the fair.
A few men and a woman are indoors playing badminton They are very into it and competing heavily.
The men go back and forth in an attempt to score and are very focused.
Various shots in fast motion and in slow motion are shown of the action.
An intro leads into shots outside a dog groomers and inside where several dogs are tied it.
Many woman are shown brushing the dogs and trimming their fur while giving them head scratches in between.
More dogs are seen sitting in crates and barking at the camera while the wind blows on them.
Several people are seen jumping roping with one another as well as on their own as others watch on the side.
The people performing several jumps and spins with the jump rope as well as shots that are shown in slow motion.
A man is talking and playing drums in a split screen.
As he explains the process, he uses his hands to beat out a tune.
He continues talking and playing until it switches exclusively to him playing the drums.
The man in red jacket is skiing on the slope.
The man in is skiing down slope with is knees bend down.
The man is skiing down the mountain.
Two news anchors are talking in a room.
A man is making food in a kitchen.
He cooks mushrooms in a pan.
He adds the food into a bowl.
Two boys perform arm wrestling while people are watching, suddenly the boys free their hands.
After, they continue competing, then the boy wearing purple t-shirt fold the hand of his rival.
After, the continue performing arm wrestling and then free again the hands.
A woman is seen leading a camel around with two small children riding on the back.
The kids waves to the camera while it pans around their ride and the camel spitting into the air.
A man wearing a green outfit is leading a camel.
Two people are sitting on top of the camel.
A man is walking next to the camel.
A row of drummers are standing in front of an orchestra.
The drummers hold their drumsticks in front of their face.
They each beat their drums.
After each note the drummers raise their drumsticks back in front of their faces.
A shuffleboard is shown in a room.
A man in a blue sweater throws a ball down the shuffleboard.
A glass of beer is shown.
A sign says superfresco easy on the screen.
A man is shown painting a wall with grey paint.
He uses broad sweeps to completely cover the wall.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into clips of them skiing.
The men move down all along the mountain while others are shown skiing next to them.
The people continue riding down the hill and end by stopping at the bottom.
A man shows how to sharpen a knife with a machine.
Then, he sharpens knives against each other.
A man is seen speaking to a woman as she puts on a belt and then walks on stage.
The woman then bends down and lifts a large weight over her head, followed by throwing it down and walking off stage.
Her same lift is shown again in slow motion.
A group of people are in a house.
A man is mopping the floor with a mop.
Another boy attempts to walk through where he is mopping.
The man takes a drink of beer and complains to the camera.
He mops through the room in between the people.
He stops mopping and speaks to the camera.
A group of men dressed as redcoats march onto a stage.
We then see a woman holding a flag in the center and many women alongside her as they jump on a massive jumprope.
They perform many jumping and flipping tricks with the ropes, bringing in more ropes every few minutes.
When they finish, they freeze in a pose and the screen turns black.
A group of photographers take pictures as a weight lifter shows up on stage and prepares his hands.
He lifts a barbell at the knees, then pauses at his chest.
He lifts the barbell over his head before dropping it back to the ground.
man is welding a metal machine in a room.
man is talknig to the camera and is holding an emery in a machine room.
Some people are seen on water skis in the lake.
A man talks to the camera, demonstrating how to water ski.
Several moves and positions are shown as he talks.
There are two children standing at a double stainless steel sink in a residential home.
The taller child moves dishes from the right side of the sink to the left side of the sink one by one while the smaller child holds onto an orange bottle brush and doesn't move any dishes.
Both of the children turn to the camera behind them and the older gives a big smile while the little one gives a very small smile.
A woman is seen smiling to the camera holding up a blow dryer and various attachments.
She is then seen again with wet hair and then sprays liquid into her hair and then blow dries her hair more.
She then pins her hair up, attaches and attachment to the blow dryer, and dries her hair all around, spinning to the camera in the end.
This woman is shown standing in one spot for a little while.
Then she moves to throw the ball into the air and she goes back to the position she was in.
Then she jumps back and turns around to throw the ball at a small distance, except she is not positioned quite right this time.
We see a lady in a dancing costume.
She points at her hips and waist.
She begins to belly dance slowly.
She picks up speed and spins her hands.
She goes slower then goes fast again.
The lady finishes her dance, stops and bows.
People are riding on the backs of camels.
They get led down a trail by a person.
People are standing behind a fence watching them.
The camels lay down on the ground and the people step off of them.
A man appears treading water as he is waiting to get out of the water and walk up a set of stairs.
He finally gets off the stairs and joins the others who are on the wooden diving board.
First,a set of three girls jump off before he does and creates a large commotion of waves.
Several young people, talk and laugh while standing around a table covered in beer cans and blue plastic cups.
A young man stands around a table in a room talking to two two women and some more men, occasionally laughing and smiling.
A small white balls is thrown across the table as the people attempt to throw the balls in the blue cups from across the table.
In the final moments of the clip a ball flies across the table and the men react in a triumphant way throwing their arms in the air in celebration.
A toddler goes down on a slide in a playground full of people, when the toddler touches the floor, she stand and run.
Suddenly, a man run behind the toddler.
We see a white opening scene.
We see a lady in a kitchen talking and cooking.
The lady cuts a potato and puts it in the water.
The lady puts the potato in cold water.
The lady peels the skin off the potato easily.
We see the closing screen.
The credits of the clip are shown.
A man trims the bush on the lawn with a electric cutter.
The credits of the video are shown.
A boy is sitting in the room with three guitars and begins to play all three of them with a violin bow.
The man then begins to play the one guitar that is on his lap with his fingers and finishes the song.
A man wearing a black shirt opens a bag of bread and pulls out three slices of bread.
The man raises an empty bottle of Miracle Whip and tosses it backhanded.
The man then opens the refrigerator and pulls out a new bottle of Miracle Whip.
He then uses a knife to scoop out the miracle whip on to the bread slices.
The man then opens a bag of Swiss cheese and places a slice on each bread slice.
The man then gets a container of Genoa Salami from the fridge and piles slices onto the bread slices.
He then puts the bread slices on top of each other and completes the sandwich.
An intro appears on a dark screen with red and white special effects and the words "MILWAUKEE OPEN" and "BEST PLAYS" show up on separate screens.
Clips of various people, both men and women are outdoors at beaches, wearing beach attire as they play sand volleyball during different matches while a lot of spectators watching them and cheering them on.
The clips end and the outro appears and looks just like the intro and ends with the words "BEST PLAYS" and "MILWAUKEE OPEN" on two different screens.
There are a lot of dressed up people sitting in a large dining area at a reception.
A brunette woman taps a blonde woman on her back, points to something on the ground, and the women smile with the blonde woman leans over and picks up her sweater that was on the ground.
A woman dressed in a blue flowing dress with a blue bodysuit underneath is standing up, and she begins to do a ballet dance routine in the middle of the large dancing floor while the people in the reception area are watching her every move, taking picture and videoing her.
When the woman is done dancing she stands there with her arms crossed on her chest and the crowds applauds, and gives her a standing ovation while she takes a few bows.
An Asian woman is sitting, then she ride the skateboard and began skating on the empty road.
The girl is skateboarding side to side, and while holding a selfie stick.
The girl skateboard on the sidewalk, near the water, in a narrow path, and park.
A woman is seen kneeling on the floor and pulling onto a piece of exercise equipment.
The woman begins turning her body with the equipment while speaking to the camera.
She continues pulling onto the lever while looking back to the camera.
A view of a leaf blower lays on the ground in a yard.
The leaf blower blows brown dried up leaves using the leaf blower.
The leaves are blown away from some lawn furniture and blown towards the middle of the yard.
A man is shown running around a field with a dog holding a frisbee into the hair.
The man moves around the frisbee with the dog and performs several tricks in slow motion with the dog.
He's shown in several more locations from various camera angles performing more and more tricks with the dog.
A young man is seen standing around a pool followed by several clips of the boy jumping in the pool and swimming around.
The boy continues to swim all around the pool with a man swimming behind him and the boy smiling to the camera.
A red bowl contains a spoon and tuna fish in chunks.
Someone pours mayonnaise into the tuna, as well as seasoning.
The substance is mixed together, then spread onto the bread to make a sandwich.
A woman touched a black phone, and a screen of purple capsule like bacteria showed up.
The person put back the phone, and started typing on the black keyboard.
The bacteria shot is put in the scene.
The woman put her hand on the mouse.
She put her hand on the wooden desktop.
The woman got up and walk towards the hallway.
The woman saw a man and shake his hand.
The woman went to the bathroom.
The woman took off her ring, wash her hand, got home soap and rub it on her hand thoroughly and rinse it.
The woman sneeze on her hand.
She walks towards her office, put her hand on the desk and phone.
A man talks to the camera while seated at a drum set while another man plays drums in the background.
The first man plays the drums.
The first man stops playing and turns to the camera.
The person is parasailing, he is holding the sail.
The man is moving forwards towards the island.
The person has his feet on the parasail board.
Two people are playing tennis on a court.
A person in a yellow shirt stands outside watching.
A woman opens the door and walks out.
A marching band is walking down a track.
People carrying flags follows behind them.
The drummers at at the back playing their drums.
Several shots of people are shown in water as well as landscapes around an island and people riding and moving around a boat.
More shots of people scuba diving are shown as well as fish swimming around and people in the ocean.
In the end the camera shows several shots of the boat and people moving away on a smaller boat.
A small group of people are seen pushing a ball along the water and scoring into the goal.
The people continue playing with the ball and swimming along the water.
The ball is passed another to score a goal and then the game continues on.
A white screen appears with a black brand name that say's "THE SHINGLE HOG" and it has a picture of a hog in the o of the word HOG.
A quick picture of a red and black tool is shown, then a man is talking and clips of people removing shingles play in between moments shown when the man talks.
The tool is now shown on its own and the brand and logo is displayed on the screen to the upper right.
Now there are clips of people on the roof using the tool to remove shingles and once again the man appears talking in between clips.
A black screen appears and it has a list with a lot of white words on it and the title is "Shingle Hog Savings".
The man talking and the clips of the man using the shingle machine play until a white outro screen appears that include the brand name, logo, product info and website.
A woman and young girl are seen speaking to the camera while holding together a toy.
The two create a hop scotch game with the toy and lay it down on the ground and show off the foam.
The woman speaks to the camera while the girl hops along the game.
A spoon is seen spinning around various foods and liquids and leads into a hand cutting up vegetables on a cutting board.
A baby is seen watching from behind and the camera zooms in on various websites and foods present.
Pasta is seen sitting in a pot and the person uses a spoon to spin it around.
They pour ingredients into a pot to bowl and add more vegetables, ending with all the ingredients put together on a plate to present.
A man with two children are seen speaking to the camera with one throwing his hands up and leading into them moving quickly.
The kids stand on a chair taking ornaments off a tree while moving back and fourth to the table to place the objects.
