The kids then sweep up the floor while dancing and having fun and end by all waving to the camera.
A man in a pink suit talks to a man in a red suit and man not wearing a shirt.
They play rock paper scissors.
The man in the pink suit celebrates.
The man not wearing a shirt chases the man in the pink suit.
The man in the pink suit falls down.
The man not wearing a shirt throws a white barrel at the man on the ground.
A man in a black suit comes out from the bushes.
He fights the man in the red suit.
The man with out a shirt throws a barrel on the man in the black suit.
A woman chops wood on a block with an ax.
She has a hard time getting the ax out of the wood.
Someone else comes and tries to get it out but they can't.
The first girl comes back and continues trying to pull the ax out of the wood.
There are two students, a boy and a girl in a pole vault runway.
One of the students, a boy sprints with the pole on the runway while a person in blue the other student watch him perform.
Then he jumps up high and lands a few feet away on the landing area.
His actions are replayed in slow motion to capture his jump and landing.
A person is putting something on a chain of a bike.
They use a blue tool to take the chain apart.
They put it back together using a tool.
A river surrounded by rocks apperas.
Several people are floating through it in intertubes.
They float down the river together through the rapids.
A group of children are swinging together on a piece of equipment.
They are shown in groups, swinging back and forth on the platform.
They are located in an outdoor park.
A woman is seen riding on a camel behind another man on a camel.
She looks back and smiles to the camera while it pans around the area.
Another person is seen riding from behind while people hold onto the camels.
A woman work out in a cardio machine pulling a handle in a gym.
A person enters the gym.
An introduction comes onto the screen for a video about how to make linguine with clam sauce.
Water is brought to a boil in a pot and the pasta is added to the pot.
Parsley is finely chopped along with some garlic, and the clams are drained into a bowl to separate them from the juice.
Olive oil goes into the pan with the garlic, red pepper, parsley, white wine, basil, salt, and clam juice to simmer, and the clams are added to the mixture at the end.
The pasta is drained and added into the pan with the sauce.
The pasta is then served with shredded cheese on top.
A woman and man are shown swimming backward in the water of a pool.
They demonstrate different techniques as the swim.
The names of the various methods appear on the screen between examples.
A large man is seen standing and bowing in front of another large man while one holds his hands out inbetween the two men.
Several people sit around the circle and the circle and the men wrestle one another.
One pushes the other to the ground and the audience cheers.
The man pushes another out of the circle and the audience claps once again.
An Asian woman wearing a blue shirt and begins talking and throwing her hands up at the camera.
She then grabs an iron and continues to iron a yellow piece of cloth on the ironing board.
Once the front is finished,she grabs it and flips it over so she can complete the ironing.
A boat goes on to a lake with a rope behind it.
A boy grabs the rope and goes in the water after the boat.
The boat begins to speed up.
The boy is brought to his feet and begins to water ski.
We see three men in a field cutting tall grass with a scythe.
We see the man take a handful of grass and wipe the scythe head with it.
The man pulls something from his pocket and rubs it on the scythe.
The men then return to cutting the grass.
A woman is seen playing a set of bagpipes while people sit around her and watch.
The girl continues playing as the camera watches her move her hands along the instrument and a man standing next to her to pose and throw change.
A teen holds a violin and then plays on front of other teens that talk and laugh.
Teens talk and make comments and a woman laugh.
Then people in the room applauds.
Two wrestlers are up on a ring arguing.
The referee stands by, instructing them on what to do.
They finally get to the arm wrestling.
The crowd around them cheers on.
A guy jumps onto the ring and begins to fight with one of the wrestlers.
The man leaves the ring and the wrestler approaches the other wrestler and beats him to the ground.
The wrestler celebrates his win.
A close up of a wall is shown with water spraying down the sides that leads into several pictures as well as people spraying down the ground.
More people are seen spraying down a truck as well as cars being lifted up on a machine while more pictures are shown.
A woman is speaking to a webcam in her bedroom.
She begins to play with her hair, separating part of it and braiding it.
She places the first braid into her mouth while creating another one.
She criss crosses the braids, and places a rubberband on it.
She begins to do the same process with the other side of her hair.
The video finishes by cutting a still image of the same girl and panning up and down.
A woman is sitting down in a chair.
A boy is brushing her long hair.
She laughs and covers her mouth with her hand.
A man is shown speedily raking leaves in his front yard.
Several cars go by as he continues raking.
He rakes around the bushes and tree in his yard.
A woman appears and helps him rake and bag the leaves.
They take the bags away when they are done.
They stand in front of the camera and pose with the rake.
We see an opening title screen.
A smiling man in sunglasses opens mouthwash and gargles.
The man spits in a cup.
A lady removes a plaque from the wall.
We see a closing screen.
A couple of women are shown inside a gym.
One woman talks to the camera while another shows off dance moves.
She demonstrates different ballet moves and positions.
Trees blow in the breeze as a man mows the lawn.
The sun peeks from behind the clouds and lights the scene up.
the man stops and empties grass in the garbage.
A man enters carrying a baby and leaves.
The man mows along side of the bushes.
The man stops and empties his bag  again.
The man empties his bag and puts it back on the mower and walks away.
A woman talks showing a shoe, then she cleans it with a cloth.
The woman puts oil in a cloth and polish the shoe.
Then, the woman takes shoe polish and apply to the shoe.
A man is seen standing with his arms up and then begins a gymnasts routine.
The man continues swinging around on the uneven bars and jumping off to finish.
The man walks away while his score is shown and his routine is shown again in slow motion.
We see the title screen on a red background.
We see women  playing lacrosse.
We see the players through the net of a goal.
We see a lady in pink talking to the camera.
We then see a lady in a blue shirt talking.
A lady in a backpack talks to the camera.
We then see the ending screen and black.
People are standing in a room playing tennis.
A woman picks up a ball that falls onto the ground.
The girl walks up to the net.
A video of back country skiing is shown.
The group prepares its equipment and then looks at its yurt.
They then show skiing videos.
A person is seen standing before a sink turning on the faucet and wetting their hands.
They then put soap on their hands, scrub the soap in, and rinse their hands through the water.
Finally they use paper towels to dry their hands and throw it into the trash.
A person is seen standing off in the distance with another standing around a hole.
The person uses a fishing pole on the hole and attempts to pull out a fish.
The person continues pulling while the other watches on the side.
Several men are seen standing around an indoor court kicking a ball around.
People watch the game on the sidelines as the players continue to run up and down the field.
Different games are shown in between and the group continues to play.
A camera pans around glasses of lemonade followed by a person squeezing juice out of lemons.
The person mixes various ingredients together into a bowl and pours it into a glass.
Several shots are shown of the glasses being poured as well as presented to the camera.
A video leads into several clips of a man performing tricks with a dog.
The man continues performing tricks with the dog as the camera captures him from several angles as well as others doing tricks with their dogs.
A man is speaking into a microphone.
A man wearing a black cape is getting his beard shaved.
A person puts a white towel over the man's face.
He puts shaving cream on the man's face.
He then puts a towel over the mans face again.
He then shaves the mans beard with a razor.
The man puts a towel on the other man's face again.
He takes the cape off and stands up.
A teen shakes his hand on front a glass of water while a youth watch him.
Then, the teen takes the glass shaking his hand and drinks the water while the laugh.
After, the youth takes the glass, then holds a cup while the teen fold his right hand.
Next, the teen takes a cup and pretend to drink while making gestures of pain.
A girl wearing an orange hoodie and a girl wearing a black blouse enter a home and go into the kitchen.
The girls are preparing to bake cookies.
The cell phone rings and both girls get excited.
Some one is at the front door and the girl in the orange hoodie runs through the house to go answer the door.
The girl in the black blouse is at the door disguised as a man.
The girl in the orange hoodie squeezes a bar of butter and it falls to the floor and slams the door shut.
The girl in the black blouse turns and walks away dejected.
A man in a red shirt begins talking in front of a wall of tool consisting of wrench,screws,ax and drills.
He then holds up a small silver piece and begins sticking it into the chain of the bike.
Next,he takes a black utensil,moves the pedals around and takes the chain completely off.
He then takes a box with a new chain in it and puts it back on the bike and begins tightening the chain.
Photos of horses are shown followed by the "Equestrian Life" logo.
A woman stands outside with a brown horse and puts on a helmet.
The woman talks to the camera and mounts the horse.
She continues to speak to the camera and then walks the horse in a circle.
A camera pans out away from a beach followed by hundreds of people rowing canoes.
The people are seen running along the beach as well as rowing the canoes and a man sitting at a table.
The man checks his phone and looks off into the distance and another shot of people canoeing are shown.
A woman wearing a protective helmet speaks to the camera while standing outdoors next to a palm tree.
The woman is standing on a sidewalk wearing rollerblades and protective gear.
The woman speaks to the camera and demonstrates different techniques of skating down the sidewalk.
A person is seen placing a mat down on a floor with various tools laid out around him.
He measures the floor with a ruler followed by him putting plaster down on the floor and putting the mat back down.
We see blue letters on a black screen and see a roof.
Then we switch to more letters and roof has been sprayed with a solution.
We are informed the roof has been cleaned and shown shots of the clean roof.
We then see the front of the house.
We are provided the phone number of the pressure washers.
A woman is seen kneeling down before a large weight and speaking to the camera continuously.
She moves her body around the weight and pointing around to demonstrate how to properly hold the weight.
People are standing on a volleyball court.
A man in a white hat is standing in the sand.
A person in a black shirt serves the volleyball but it doesn't make it over the net.
A little girl is wiping water all over her face.
She looks at the camera and smiles as she continues to wash her face.
She sticks her tongue out slightly at the camera.
A lady and a man kneel in a curling ring.
They talk to each other and a broom enters the scene.
they start to move forwards.
The man stops and the lady stumbles.
There's a man in the swimming pool playing water polo.
He is in the pool playing water polo with a yellow ball and two other people.
He throws the ball across and the people sitting by the pool and watching him play cheer loudly.
People including security guards are standing  behind a fence in a mall.
We see a young man in a fancy jacket talk and throw darts across the room.
The man stops throwing and ducks down for a moment then continues to throw.
A lady wipes something off the mans face and the man and his entourage begin to leave the area.
man is putting the lifts on a pole.
man is standing in middle of a room in a gym lifting weight.
a lot of different lifts are stacked in the gym.
People are strapping on these Qloja machines to their feet.
It takes a pretty long time to get them on and then they start to walk.
They build up a little speed and start kind of running in a line.
A line of about 15 people wearing these contraceptions are running on them, then a smaller group of three are bouncing up and down  all around.
A man is standing on a ladder wiping down a wall.
A black bucket is sitting next to him.
A man is standing up throwing mud at the wall.
Two teams playing throwing balls to hit an opponent.
The players hold two balls and throw each other to hit and opponent.
A boy holding a ball throw to another player and the opponents also throws ball.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera while sitting in a chair.
She then holds up a contact lens and puts one in her eye.
She puts another contact in her eye and smiles to the camera.
An introduction comes onto the screen for a video about how to fix a stinky sink.
A man comes onto the screen and explain several days ago about getting the smell out of your sink.
He first explain how you can use different chemicals and core them down the drain to get the smell out.
Then he shows you how to remove bottom of the sink to clean it out which may help with the smell.
The video it's with the closing credits shown on the screen.
A man is kneeling down in a garage looking at tools on the ground.
He then grabs a metal mask and positions himself correctly on the floor.
Once comfortable,the mask is held in position and he begins firing away at the object on the ground.
Finally,he takes it off and begins to chisel the object and beating the rust off of it.
We see a girl with a braid then shaking  loose curls in her hair.
We watch the girl as she curls and braids her hair.
The girl using a curling iron and curls her hair.
She then braids and twists her hair into a side braid.
The girl shows us the back of her hair and then curls the bottom with a curling iron.
The girl makes faces and the ending title screen then loads.
Two women are seen speaking to the camera and lead into rubbing down furniture as well as showing off polish.
The women continue speaking as they show off how the polish works as well as the scenery in the area and another woman speaking to the camera.
An intro leads into a group of cheerleaders performing several moves as a team and girls being interviewed on camera.
They perform a routine shown by several videos and pictures and continue showing various tricks backstage and on stage.
The girls speak to one another back stage with their coach and many people interact with them in the audience.
A cartoon network show is played.
A blue character chops a block but fails several times.
A video on how to make a kite is shown.
Materials are gathered and then the kite is assembled.
A large group of people are seen wandering around a city square with a young child in the middle playing an instrument.
The boy plays a saxophone while people walk past him and put money down.
The boy continues playing while the camera captures his movements and others stop to watch.
Several clips are shown of people holding tennis rackets and hitting a ball into the distance.
Text is shown across the screen and more shots are shown of people demonstrating.
The people continue hitting the balls around the court while the camera captures their movements.
A young girl is seen sitting in front of a camera and presents various nail objects to the camera.
She then begins painting all her nails thoroughly and ends the video with various pictures of her and her nails.
An intro leads into two men fencing in a field.
Several shots are shown of the men sticking swords to one another and the other blocking.
In between clips are shown of the men boxing.
Old clips are shown of a man drawing a picture and two children watching.
The kids are then shown in several clips performing dives off a board and walk along the sides climbing back to the top.
A man is seen kicking a soccer ball on his feet and gradually passing it to a wall.
The man continues kicking the ball off of his foot and against the wall while the camera captures him.
A class of children dressed in white gi's are walking, kicking and punching in a classroom while their teacher walks around them.
The class stops and the instructor talks and walks around them.
The class then turns around and begins to walk, kick and punch in the direction they just came from.
The class turns around when they get to the end, stops, and the instructor begins talking and demonstrating a kick and a punch to them, moves out of the way and the class resumes.
When they reach the end they turn around again to walk, kick and punch back in the direction they came from and once again the instructor stops them to talk and demonstrate the moves and once again the class resumes their movements and when hey get to the end of the room they turn around and end their routine with their legs apart and arms in front of them.
There are two men indoors and playing racquetball in an indoor court as they quickly hit the ball against the wall and take turns.
One of the men wearing a green shirt looks angrily at the camera and throws the racquet at the camera.
The camera person turns the camera to himself and he is running and laughing while looking in the camera.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera while holing a baton in her hands.
She continues speaking to the camera while spinning around the baton.
She continues to spin around the baton and demonstrate how to properly twirl it.
A young man puts detergent in a blue bucket, then shows and explains how to clean a screen windows using a squeegee.
After, the young man cleans the wet screen with a cloth.
The young man compares a dirt screen with the clean one and gives a thump up.
A man and a woman are dancing on a dance floor in front of a crowd of people.
The crowd applauds for them.
The couple hugs and bows for the crowd.
A man is seen talking to the camera and leads into him rubbing down a window.
He streaks the window with cleaner and shows several methods on how to use a wiper properly.
The window is all clean in the end and he is still seen talking to the camera.
A group of people sitting on elevated bleachers,  watch a man on a horse lasso a small black calf in a, dirt covered, indoor, rodeo ring.
The man emerges into the ring from a floor level door, on a horse, chasing after a small black calf.
The man simultaneously throws a rope around the calfs neck and dismounts the horse, while the horse is in motion.
Upon landing on the ground after the dismount,  the man runs to the calf and ties the calf up in the rope, and then walks back to the horse and mounts the horse again while two men enter the ring and grab for the tied up calf.
A man splits logs into using an ax in a grassy yard while his wife retrieves the pieces.
A man splits logs in the yard by himself.
The man sets his ax blade into the log and takes a brake.
A person talks while sit in a boat holding a paddle.
Then, the person sails in choppy waters, suddenly he pivote the boat away helping with the oar.
A shot of people are shown from several angles and leads into various shots of people riding skis and doing tricks.
More close up of water skiers are shown while the boat trails around the area.
Wrapped presents are being shown lined up.
A person is rolling out wrapping paper and using a ruler to hold it down.
A box is set on top of the wrapping paper.
The person begins wrapping the present.
They are cutting the paper.
They continue wrapping the present.
They use tape to hold the paper on.
They fold tissue paper to wrap around the middle of the box.
They wrap curling ribbon around the box and tie it into a bow.
The use the scissors to curl the ends of the bow.
They stick a silver flower into the present.
A bunch of teammates are riding horses on the field.
They are playing a game of polo.
The people run on their horses, trying to hit the ball.
People are playing tug of war on a field.
People fall into a pile of muddy water.
People are standing next to them watching.
A man is ironing a shirt on an ironing board.
Bags are shown sitting on the bed.
A large group of people are seen running around a disney resort while waving to the camera and several shots of the kingdom being shown.
Many characters are shown waving to the runners as well as more shots of people running past characters and going through the finish line and celebrating.
A small group of people are seen standing side by side with one another punching a bag one after the other.
Many people are then shown kicking the bags next to one another.
A girl plays a drum set in a city plaza for passing people.
A lady walks up to watch the drummer play.
The drummer plays a solo on the cymbal.
The drummer ends the song and bows to the audience.
woman is showing her nails with a cute manicure and some polishes behind her hand.
woman is holding a pink polish and start painting her nail.
and with a little sponge and a little pin paint the nail with white blue and purple paint.
with a small bush put som wwhite dots and clean the nail.
woman cut a red paper and paint with frosty gray polish.
A gymnast is seen running towards a set of uneven bars and performing a routine on the bars.
She swings all around and jumps on the mat to end her routine.
A woman is seen sitting down holding an ice cream while looking at the camera.
She continues to eat the ice cream as the camera pans around her and watching her eat.
A young boy and a small boy are on a fenced field.
They kick a ball, then try to chase it down.
The kids continue playing as a man joins, fighting over the ball.
A person is seen walking into frame with a bar in her hands.
She puts the bar down and begins exercising in a humerus way while speaking to the audience.
The audience laughs at her movements while she continues to move and dance around the stage.
A woman is seen diving through colorful banners.
The outside of a building is shown.
We see a scoreboard, then women being prepped for swimming by their coaches.
The women take turns diving off the high board, flipping as they go.
The winner poses with a medal as everyone claps.
A person is seen riding a surfboard with a kite on top along the water.
The person pushes themselves up into the air and flips back down.
He continues riding along the water.
An old style television show is shown where a man cuts a woman's hair.
A man then cuts her hair real short while another man looks in from outside.
An Asian woman is standing outside in a large field wearing a pink loose linen like outfit.
She then puts her legs and hands out and begins to move like a ninja throughout the field.
After she has moved left and right across the field,she then comes back to the middle of the field and stands still to complete her routine.
A camera pans down a long list and leads into a group of men and one speaking to them all.
Two men shake hands and begin rolling paint along a long paper.
They race to put the paper on a long wall and photographs of men measuring the wall follow.
The men fist bump another and shake hands as the men continue writing down notes and pictures of high scores shown.
A woman is dancing outside on the sidewalk.
She grabs a baton and starts twirling it around.
She starts juggling the batons in the air.
She does a back flip and goes into the splits.
A group of young boys are seen passing soccer balls to each along a large sandy beach.
They continue running back and fourth on the sand and passing the ball to one another.
A child helps push a lawn mower with an adult to cut the grass.
A man mows the lawn of a large yard along with a child watching nearby.
The man empties out the collection hopper bag on the lawn mower and empties it into a trash bin and wheels it away.
The child plays with the lawn mower while turned off.
A man plays an accordion in the street.
He is wearing a hoodie.
He is sitting next to his bike.
A man walks in the background.
A woman is seen sitting in a chair laughing while a man points in front of her.
The man then holds a gun up to her nose and pierces her nose.
A woman plays with the girls hair while speaking to the girl and showing off her nose piercing.
A child walks by a hopscotch pattern.
The child puts her palms on the hopscotch pattern.
The child hops on the hopscotch pattern.
A guy is outside chopping wood.
The ax gets stuck on the wood on his first try.
The guy pulls the ax out.
The guy keeps cutting the wood smaller and smaller.
Broken glass sits on the ground.
A young man stretches in front of it.
He then does break dancing moves.
He puts his legs behind his head.
A young girl is seen sitting in front of the camera with several objects being held in front of her face.
Two hand pulls a tube through next to her and the woman then puts the tubes in the girl's hair.
In the end the woman takes the tubes out and the girl continues to look at the camera.
The word Surfer is on the screen.
A surfer is taking to the camera.
A surfer is walking on the beach.
A man is surfing in the water while the man is taking again.
There are a crowd of surfers on the island.
Several surfers are in the water and the man is still being interviewed.
A rough ocean has large white capped waves and a sailboat traversing through it.
The sailboat goes over the top of  large waves and lands with a splash.
The boat maneuvers and is tilted sideways as it goes over waves.
Several women are seen moving around a gym performing various exercises on a beam.
The woman continue jumping up and down and leads into one moving a tire around as well as jumping up and down a punching a bag.
The coach then speaks to the camera.
A close up of a car is seen followed by a person holding a scraper.
The person pushes ice all along the car while looking to the camera.
The person continues clearing off ice with the scraper while the camera captures her movements.
A man is seen interviewing another man on camera and leads into several groups of people playing shuffle board.
The camera pans back to the man being interviewed and ends with the host having one final word to the camera.
A man is driving a boat, then two men are sitting on the side of the boat, the man in black life vest is on the side of the boat then let go off the boat then start to wakeboard while he is holding on to the harness.
The man continue to wake board, he flipped over and then wake board on the water.
A person in a furniture store is talking about popular furniture made from reclaimed wood.
He shows rustic, contemporary and traditional type of furniture that is in his store.
He shows the high quality reclaimed wood and the different furniture made from it.
A boy on a team throws a basketball at other team members.
Others join in, some falling as they are hit with the ball.
There is a large gymnasium where three gymnasts are performing gymnastics.
There's one gymnast in orange leotards swinging on the rod and another gymnast next to him also swinging on the bars.
They both swing upside down and stand on their hands for a few seconds before swinging back down.
The third gymnast is performing behind them, doing front and back flips.
The gymnast in the orange leotards does another front swing and then gets off the bars and walks away.
Many trees and deep water from a river is shown.
A man is standing on the back of a speedboat.
He places his board in the water and begins to water ski.
He performs several tricks as he skis.
A bicycle is shown in a room leaning up against a brown table.
A person then walks into the room and starts to take pieces off of the bicycle.
The pieces are then added back on the bike and tightened around the wheel.
people are having fun playing with paint ball guns in interesting ways,some are riding in cars and other are on the ground shooting paint balls at each other.
there are people on motorcycles as well as up in the air in parachutes just have a big fun day.
One guy seems to have a paint ball rocket launcher and shoots a guy with it.
there are people on motor skate boards also.
they show that a group of people made it to the top of a small hill to plant there flag and many of there team mates were defeated.
A man sits in a barber chair.
The barber begins to shave his head.
He shaves stars into his head.
The design is intricately done.
A man step on a square drawn in the beach and turns the body back and forth.
Then, the man step on the triangle and does hand movements, after the man joint the hands.
A woman is seen sitting down on a string while others watch around her.
A man is shown speaking to the camera while others take their turns balance on the rope.
More shots are shown of the people walking along one another.
A person is seen standing before a sink wearing gloves.
The woman looks back to the camera and smiles while holding a toothbrush.
She then turns back to the sink full of dirty dishes.
A camera zooms in on a baby wearing a baseball hat riding back and fourth on a swing set.
The baby continuously rides back and fourth while another child rides a swing next to him.
A man in a canoe talks and paddles in a lake surrounded by large rocks, trees, foliage, stray kayaks, and other people in canoes.
The man begins at a profile view holding a paddle while sitting in a canoe and talking to a camera occasionally pointing to a nearby shore with the paddle.
The man then uses the paddle in the water to push the canoe off deeper into the water.
The man begins to paddle freely in the water, passing along the way, a group of people on a canoe and several stray canoes and kayaks in the water, before facing the camera again in a close up and talking.
A girl plays a brass flute standing on stage during a performance.
The girl finishes the performance and lowers her instrument.
A boy is standing on a stool in front of a kitchen sink.
He is washing the dishes under the water.
He puts the dishes into a black strainer.
A series of women are shown in close up of their faces.
A stylist is standing beside a girl seated in his chair.
He gives instructions on how to style her hair.
He uses a dryer to blow her hair, then clips it.
The video is very poor quality and it shows a man holding the camera and he is at a park with other people that includes another adult and a small child that looks like a girl.
The man climbs onto the park equipment with the little girl.
The child and the man then appear on the slide and the little girl goes down the slide alone while smiling the whole time and the man remains at the top of the slide.
A woman is sitting on a chair while she pulls thin art foil pieces from a small table in front of her, and applies it to a small dresser that is also in front of her.
The woman then takes her brush and begins brushing all of the pieces of foils on the top drawer while holding a hand under it to catch all the pieces that fall.
The woman then closes the drawer and brushes it some more.
A large water fall is shown.
A person goes over the water fall in a green kayak.
People are standing on the rocks above the water watching.
A person throw a heavy in an stadium full of people, then people measure where the ball landed.
Then, the man walks while reporters and cameramen follow him on the field.
After, the man puts on a long sleeve shirt while a cameraman film him.
people are standing in a court playing shufleboard while people is in the terraces are watching the game.
a lot of people wearing red uniforms are walking and sitting around the court.
The person holds a blade to sharpen it.
The person takes the belt off the machine.
The person puts a new belt on the machine.
The person sharpents the blade on the second belt.
The person takes the second belt off.
The person puts on a third belt.
The person sharpens the blade on the third belt.
The person demonstrates the blade's edge.
A group of people are playing in white water kayaks.
The person in the red tries to flip.
A person in green attempts the same thing.
The person in the red then has their front in the air for a long time.
A man in a blue shirt and shorts lifts a large weight over his head.
Another man is filming it.
The same man comes back and lifts the weight over his head again.
He drops it on the ground and walks away.
We see a gym filled with people watching as people jump rope.
We see the outside of the building and a man is interviewed with shots of the inside cut in.
We watch  girl perform see ladies serving snacks and watch another person perform.
We see girls interviewed outside the main room and scenes from inside the gym.
We see people on bleachers and kids jumping.
We then see the blue ending screen.
There's a man dressed in all white playing croquet in an open field.
there are several chairs arranged in the field.
He takes the mallet in his hand and hits the croquet ball to the hoop.
He hits the ball and it lands straight into the hoop.
A man is standing in a bedroom practicing his violin.
Another day passes by and it is now sunlight outside as the boy practices playing his instrument once more.
The practicing continues on for several more days in the same room and finishes on until day 7.
Finally,the man takes a set in the room and begins talking and demonstrating effective ways to hold the violin and play it efficiently.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera holding a beer and leads into her drinking from the glass.
She continues drinking the beer while laughing to the camera and nodding in agreement.
People are riding bumper cars on a brown floor.
A boy's red bumper car gets stuck on the column.
A lady in a black jilbab waves.
The lady bumper car collides with a man's.
A guy walks across the brown floor.
A man is dribbling a basketball.
He jumps and shoots the basketball into the hoop.
Words are shown on the screen at the end.
A man walks up with a mop and bucket.
He takes them up out of the bucket and begins to mop the floor.
After a moment she begins to pretend that he is dancing with the mop.
A man gives tips on outdoor physical training.
He demonstrates on the monkey bars going back and forth with upper body strength.
A man is dancing in a room.
He steps up and down on a small black stepping stool.
He then dances with a woman in the room.
A black and white dog is at a dog park and the owner is bending down and moving in front of the dog as it watches him.
The owner then walks more into the grass holding onto frisbees and is not only joined by the black and white dog but another dog that is brown and white.
The man begins to throw the frisbees in the air and the dogs take turn catching them and doing tricks to get them that even include jumping on the man's back.
We see strong men arm wrestling.
We see two men hug after the match.
A host in a white suit narrates.
We see a camera man right behind the table.
A person walks in front of the camera.
The final match starts and ends very quickly and the men hug.
We see a mirage of images.
We see men playing a game of cricket.
The pitcher throws and men all start running.
We see a man laying on the ground,  with medics around.
We see men walking on the field and A medic puts a ice pack on the man's head.
We see in slow motion the collision which hurt the man.
A girl sits in the drivers seat of a car and enjoys a ice cream cone.
The girl laughs while trying to eat the ice cream.
The girl licks the ice cream cone with the tip of her tongue.
We see an opening title screens.
People are working on cameras in a workshop.
We see them mount it to a tube.
the lady then dances the hula hoop with the tube.
We see a blonde man making adjustments to the tube.
We see the closing end screen.
Couples dance on a dance floor during a party in front of a stage.
The man spins his partner around while dancing.
A man on the right dances swinging his arms back and fourth.
A woman in a jacket is washing clothes in a sink.
She pours water into a blue bowl.
She puts clothes into the buckets of water that are in the sink.
A white washing machine that is unplugged is shown.
The woman continues to wash the clothes in the sink.
She walks over and takes the lid off of a large bucket of water on the ground.
She dips a pot into the bucket and dumps the water into the sink.
A news man is speaking in front of a group of people.
A man is shown on a diving board high atop a cliff.
He dives, jumping into the shallow waters below.
A woman is seen standing behind another woman sitting in a chair and begins styling her hair.
The woman brushes and parts her hair ad begins braiding the hair and pinning it in several locations.
The woman shows off her finished hair do while looking and smiling to the camera.
A woman is seen pushing a puck along some ice followed by people brushing ice with brooms in front of the puck.
They continuously brush and end the puck in a circle and ends with the woman speaking to the others.
A reporter broadcast from a TV studio set.
Then he reporter shows interviews a male an a female player next a swimming pool while a group of players jump into the water.
Two teams play water polo in the swimming pool while the reporter continues to interview people.
A woman and a man writes the scores on a the game, then people applauds.
The winner team gets out the water and celebrates, and then the reporter interviews the team members.
Again, the team gets in the water, and then the reporter broadcast from a studio set.
A woman is dancing in the middle of the street with a baton.
She twirls and throws the baton while a small crowd watches.
She continues down the road, performing with the baton.
A young man sits on a cardio machine.
Then, the man grans the handle of the machine.
After, the man pulls the handle of la machine to do abs.
A woman is talking inside an office to the camera while displaying sign language.
Two hands appear, demonstrating several signs indicating the rock, paper, scissors game.
The woman continues talking about the game, then it shows several clips of various people using the game to win or make decisions.
It cuts to an article regarding tricks for winning the game before concluding with the woman speaking on last time.
A group of elderly people are seated on chairs outside.
A man is playing a tune using a stick and a saw.
The men next to him are holding instruments, waiting their turn.
A man in black shirt wipe the table with white cloth.
The white lights are reflected on the table.
The man wipe the edge of the table with white rag.
A woman is seen riding off a bull when the bull knocks her off and others run in to help.
Several more people are shown attempting to taunt the bull and end by getting hurt and others helping.
Girls are playing dodge ball outside with only one ball.
A girl gets hit with the ball.
The girl gets out of the game and goes and holds onto the clothing line.
A man talks with a saleswoman who trims a plant in a pot, then the man put away the plant.
After, the man puts a bush on front the saleswoman who trim it while the man points the plant and talks with the woman.
a boy stands on a field with a shot put in hand.
The boy begins to spin around.
The boy throws the shot put.
The spins and throws another shot put.
This man is roller blading through the streets extremely fast.
He jumps over a closed off area and keeps on skating passed people into the streets.
He is skating in the streets of paris along with another skater, still skating past people and going down into the subway.
He hold on to the back of someones motorcycle and uses it to catch speed and then continues back out of the subway back on to the sidewalks.
A young child is seen smiling to the camera and beginning to climb across monkey bars.
She makes it to the other side and then waves to the camera.
A man and a woman are standing at the counter of a kitchen.
They pour ingredients into a large bowl and mix it together.
They pour the mixture into two round pans.
They then take the cakes and stack them together with frosting in between.
They eat the cake at the end.
A black and white video intro appears with special effects of asian lettering showing up while different pictures of people are displayed.
An Asian man is now smiling and talking to the camera as he sits in front of a microphone in a studio, and he then sings as he plays on a black piano as he reads music from music sheets on the piano.
When the man is done singing and playing he turns to the camera and gives a big smile.
A black screen appears and white lettering appears at the bottom right.
A man is walking in a field.
We see his back and see blood and a harness in his skin and another two men one who has the skin harness.
We see the men climbing and standing on a crane high in the sky.
The men with the skin harness jump off a crane high above a forest.
We see the ground below.
A person is seen gearing up while speaking to the camera and leads into him doing push ups.
The man walks down a hallway with a women being introduced and leads into the two playing ping pong.
The two continue playing and leads into the man holding up a basketball and the woman shocked.
A bunch of people are meeting in a raft shop.
They all meet in a room to put on helmets and get together their equipment.
They all go for a long walk together, including down a large flight of stairs.
They reach a long line of rafts by the water, where they get in and begin rafting.
The people are white water rafting down a turbulent river, using their paddles in unison, going down small waterfalls together.
They all stop to have lunch under an outdoor pavilion at the end of their adventure.
A man in a hard hat walks across a yard to a metal structure.
He adjusts a ladder and leans it up against the structure, walks back to look, and adjusts it a couple more times.
When satisfied, he tightens a strap, and grabs a second ladder.
He climbs up, taking this one with him.
The chef begins by removing and slicing the endive.
The chef then places them in a bin,afterwards he slices and peels more.
The chef then chops romaine and places them in a  silver  bin and mixes endive with the romaine.
Finally he removes the salad mixture with a dressing on it from a round silver bowl and places the salad on a white plate.
Two men exhibit and demonstrate the use of an automated tennis ball server on a tennis ball court.
An animation graphic appears exhibiting two gold cylinders inside of a metal bracket.
The animated graphic morphs into a real and actual version of the graphic, appearing on a outdoor tennis court and flanked by two men.
The two men standing next to the machinery place tennis balls into the machine, which in turn spits out the balls acting as an automated tennis ball server for a player who is standing on the other side of the tennis court with a tennis racket.
Several men dreassed in lacrosse gear run onto a field.
The opposing teams are shown in several clips, fighting and hitting the ball into each other's goals.
There are 3 people at a store in a shoe section and there are two people on the ground trying on boots.
The man on the ground removes his pink boot, throws it on the side and stands up smiling.
The girl grabs his pink boot, tries it on her right foot and sits there modeling it while talking to the people around her.
The girl then grabs the left boot, removes the stuff in it, tries it on and stands up to model them.
The girl stands next to the guy and they smile, she gives a thumbs up and he hugs her from behind.
The girl is shoot the arrow.
Five young people are shooting arrows.
The young people removed the arrows from the target boards.
A woman wear curls shows how to wrap pieces of fabric on  a roller.
The woman unrolls the curls from her hair.
The woman combs out her hair using her hands.
A girl in red outfit serves the ball to her friend on an outdoor tennis match.
The friend returns the ball and the two play a round of tennis.
The ball is deflected by the net and the partner loses the round.
A girl in a yellow shirt is eating an ice cream cone.
A boy in a striped shirt is sitting across from her eating an ice cream cone.
A man next to him looks back at her.
A close up of a ball is shown followed by a person hitting the ball in several locations.
The man continues to demonstrate how to hit the ball in various angles as well as kneeling on the ground to shoot.
the kids are on the swing while one kid stand and push a little dog on the swing.
three bikers are riding there bike in the parking lot passing the swing area.
A women then jogs on the sidewalk passing the swing area as well.
A group of people are exercizing in an aerobics class.
They are using a stepper, dancing and jumping on and off the equipment.
A group of belly dancers are posing onstage.
They begin to dance, swirling their scarves around their bodies as they dance.
They drop the scarves, focusing solely on the dance before dropping to the ground, then rising and dancing off stage.
Cars drive by a sign by the road.
Several women are shown around a table preparing to knit.
A woman talks to the camera in an interview style.
The women around the table engage in knitting-related activities.
A bus is shown parked outside the building.
The woman from the interview scene talks to the camera again.
The women at the table are shown knitting.
Several exterior shots of the building's locale are shown.
The women at the table are shown knitting again.
Various text intro leads into a man holding a shot put and spinning himself around.
The man throws the object off into the distance as the camera follows it's throw.
A recreation building is pictured and kids doing various activities  ranging from basketball to swimming is shown.
A set of young boys are picture din the water on their backs holding up a green ball and one throws it into the goal.
The outside of the building is shown again and a flash of a car parked outside in the parking lot appears.
A young man is talking the the camera.
The man stands with a stick in his hand.
The man points away from himself.
The man takes the stick and pushes pucks around the ground.
A player of a read team performs a free shot on front a soccer goal, and the players scores.
Again a player wearing red t-shirt scores, and the players jumps and hug to celebrate.
Then, a player with white t-shirt scores, and the teams continue playing.
The red team scores again, and people celebrate.
A man is seen with messy hair and looking off in the distance.
He holds up a coffee cup and turns towards the camera.
He then gives a big smile while looking to the camera.
We see an opening title screen.
A lady sits at a table with a shoe, water, salt, brush and towel.
The lady puts salt it the water and dips the brush then brushes the shoe.
The lady wipes the shoe with the towel and talks to the camera.
We see an ending title screen.
A close up of a score board is shown followed by a man lifting a heavy set of weights.
The man lifts it over his head and his score his shown afterwards.
He does this several more times.
A female Russian gymnast is on a mat in front of a large arena with several people watching her.
The girl then starts doing a series of cartwheels and ends up jumping on the balance beam to do her routine.
Once she is done,the girl ends doing several tricks and walks off to the side.
People begin to cheer for her and her replay is shown,and her score of approximately 28 is shown across the bottom of the screen.
Women are playing indoor hockey and competing.
They begin fighting over the inflatable pucks.
They are shown talking to the camera about the game.
The women are again shown playing hockey in a competition with one another.
A close up is shown of the puck.
People are playing pool in a room.
A man shoots at the ball and makes it into the pocket.
People are standing behind him playing pool on another table.
The video begins with a title sequence showing a girl throwing clothing at a man, and a title screen.
The man and his family are in a backyard speaking to the camera.
After he speaks, they cheer.
The man and woman put on a tutu and blindfolds.
They then begin to hula hoop until the woman loses.
Afterward, they speak to the camera and wave goodbye.
A person stands on a hill covered wit snow, then the person ski down the hill and fall.
A skier comes down a hill makes a jump over stones and falls and rolls on the snow.
Then, other man skies on the hill and flat areas covered with snow.
Also, skiers makes a flip  from in the air while other people watch.
A young woman is seen brushing her tooth followed by close ups of a tooth brush.
Shots are shown of her teeth close up as well as her still brushing.
She continues brushing all along her teeth to demonstrate how it's done.
A person in a holding a Rubik's Cube.
The person starts to solve the Rubik's Cube.
The person places the solved Rubik's Cube on the desk and hurriedly click something.
The person shows his computer screen.
The person picks up the Rubik's Cube and shows each face of the solved Rubik's Cube.
The credits of the clip are shown.
Men are working on a roof.
A man is spraying the paste on the roof, a male is handing off the pieces, and a guy is adding the pieces to the pasted area on the roof.
A person is spraying the paste on the roof pieces.
The credits of the video are shown.
Two women are seen walking on stage and lead into them performing a belly dancing routine.
The women dance all around the stage while lights flash around them.
The women continue to dance around one another and end by laughing with one another.
A gymnast bows before walking up to the beam.
He mounts the beam and begins to perform.
He spins around the beam multiple times.
He jumps off the beam in a finale.
A man is sitting on a street.
He is playing an instrument next to an open instrument case.
People are passing on the sidewalk in front of him.
Two people are standing face to face under a spotlight.
The man wearing a black and white suit simulates a slap to the woman wearing a dress on the right.
A man wearing a black tank top immediately runs into the spotlight to stand between the two and they all begin to dance as the room is lit up to show a large dancing area with people in the audience watching them.
The three continue to dance until the man in the black tank top picks the woman up and throws her to the ground and leaves the dance floor.
The man in the suit and the woman continue to dance alone.
The man in the tank top returns to the dance floor and tries to punch the man in the suit, but the man in the suit dodges the punch and pushes the man in the tank top out of the dance floor.
The man in the suit and the woman in the dress continue to dance alone and they end dramatically in a pose with her back on the ground and the man hovering above her.
A young boy has on a black and white soccer jersey and is sitting down on the floor next to a bed and begins putting on a long black soccer sock.
The young boy then reaches for his shin guard and puts it over his right leg and then folds his sock down over it.
Once that is finished,he reaches over for his other sock and begins to do the same thing on the left leg.
Finally,he moves to his cleats and grabs a pair of orange Adidas soccer cleats and ties them up.
Everything is completed and the child sits criss-cross and begins talking to the camera.
People windsurf on a large body of water.
A park sign that reads "Welcome to Kanaha Beach Park" is shown.
More windsurfers are shown racing across the water.
Two men are kneeling down holding paintball guns.
They are walking down the street holding their paintball guns.
They begin to play a game of paintballing.
People ride bikes on a bumpy track circuit.
Then, they arrive to the finish line where people is washing the competition.
A city view is seen from a skyscraper.
Two men are shown cleaning windows on the side of the building.
They squeegee and wipe down the glass professionally.
They then check their work before finishing.
A boy is smiling up at the man whose shoe he is shining.
The man is looking down at the boy.
The boy is shining the mans shoes.
The boy is talking to passerbys and pointing.
A small kid walks away from the wall.
The boy is wiping the mans shoes with a towel.
He has started to rub with block.
The boy gives a peace sign and grins.
Several people are seen standing around one another holding sticks and looking around.
The people hit a ball across a lawn one at a time and are seen laughing and smiling at one another.
A weight is seen putting put on a bar and leads into a man kneeling down.
The man grabs a set of weights and begins to lift it over his head.
He throws the weight up and then back on the ground.
A young girl is seen speaking to the camera while playing with her hair.
She points to her shirt and leads into her brushing her hair while speaking to the camera.
a bullfighter holding a red cloth is in field.
a bull is running to the red cloth of the bullfighter.
a lot of people are sitting on stands watching the bullfighter.
A man is seen throwing a dart up over the camera while looking into the distance.
Several shots are shown of him throwing as well as text going across the screen.
The man continues throwing over and over again.
A person is seen swimming the depths of a pool floor.
The man comes up before the camera, his face showing.
He then swims slowly back toward the surface.
People are playing a game of lacrosse onto a field.
A woman is talking to the camera in a gym.
A train is driving on the tracks.
They continue to play lacrosse on a field.
A young man is seen standing before a lawn mower and looking at the camera.
The boy then pulls a string on the lawn mower.
He finally pushes forward on the lawn mower.
A man is using a welding tool on a pile of random metal indoors.
Another man is holding up a shield to protect himself.
The man holds up a shield to his face as he welds.
A woman is seen sitting on a stool smoking a cigarette and looking off into the distance.
The woman blows smoke into the air as the camera captures her from several angles continuously smoking.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera and leads into her holing up a jar of honey.
She continues speaking and leads into her rubbing honey on her face.
She dries off the mask and continues speaking while smiling to the camera.
A large black dog is walking down the street.
He is holding the leash of another dog in his mouth.
The second dog allows the first to lead him wherever he goes.
A man stands in front of a podium talking.
Two other men stand next to him.
One of the two men digs in a fire pit where there was a fire and then pours water on it.
The same man digs around in the pit with his hand looking for burning embers.
A man plays catch with a dog in a dirt field while throwing a Frisbee.
The man holds out the Frisbee in his hand to the dog.
A woman plays catch with the dog throwing a Frisbee in a grassy park.
A man is standing in a shed behind a crafts table talking to the camera.
Next,a man in a navy uniform begins walking down the road and ends up in the room with the man.
The two of them begin polishing a pair of boots together with a white cloth and a green brush.
As they finish,the man in the green shirt is given a patch and a screen of tips come on the screen for properly caring for your boots.
An intro leads into a man talking and smiling into a camera and several shots of people preparing a boat and riding along the water.
Another woman is seen talking to the camera followed by several more shots of the boat along the water and people riding and steering the boat.
A news anchor is standing behind a table with papers on it talking as a man is picture swimming on the television screen behind him.
After,a group of people are in a pool playing a game of water polo making goals.
A coach is then shown in a hallway as the people come back and continue playing the game before a football game then shows.
A baton twirler is standing on the gym floor.
She begins her routine.
She tosses the baton in the air.
She does flips and twists.
She continues to twirl the baton and dance.
She drops her baton and goes after it.
She is twirling, dancing and flipping again.
She drops the baton again.
She now has two batons and is twirling and dancing and throwing them in the air.
She dropped it a third time.
She picked it up and added a third baton and finished her routine.
A woman with curly hair and very thing eyebrows is sucking from a hookah.
She blows out all of the smoke that she inhaled, she is laying in bed by herself relaxing.
She seems like she is very bored just blowing smoke recording herself.
Turns out, there is another person in the room with her feeding her, she smiles really big and continues exhaling smoke out.
A man, with a saxophone around his neck,  demonstrates how to play the saxophone in front of a green chalkboard and next to a brown piano.
The man points to different sections of the saxophone as he talks to the camera.
The man begins to play the saxophone briefly and then turns to the chalkboard and begins to write notes on it as he talks to the camera.
The man points to notes written on the chalkboard before beginning to play as he reads the notes from the board, before returning to talking and playing in front of the camera.
We see people putting electronics on a foosball table.
We see the bars moving and then see two men sitting at the table.
We see a group of people playing foosball in a narrow room.
A young man is seen putting a piece of wood onto a bark and holds up an axe.
He then swings the axe the bark breaking it in half, followed by him yelling into the air.
Three girls that are matching clothes are jumping rope at a competition.
They start to switch places between jumpers, doing tricks while jumping.
They move up and down the floor while never stopping.
Then they drop their rope and bow.
A man trims a large hedge with a pole trimmer.
There are several close ups of the tool in action.
Several extensions are shown for it.
The man trims a tree with it.
A woman is seen walking down a set of stairs and begins performing a routine in front of a large audience.
The woman continues dancing around the stage while a group of people play instruments behind her.
A man is talking to a camera in his bathroom.
He is then shown brushing, spraying, and styling a woman's hair before braiding it.
she poses for the camera when he is finished.
A man puts a wood upright on a tree stump.
A guy is splitting wood into halves.
A guy repeatedly tries to cut a wood.
The credits of the video are shown.
An African American male gymnast in a blue leotard steps under two bars and begins stretching.
He grabs the bars and pulls himself up into a hand stand on the bars.
He continues to do acrobatic flips and continuous flips.
His next set of flips consists of splits over the bars,followed by hand stands.
Finally, he flips off the bars and lands on the mat to complete his performance.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera while holding a bottle of sunscreen.
She then opens the bottle and uses a holder on the side.
She shows off the holder while still speaking to the camera.
Opening credits show the description of the video.
A woman waves her hand and acknowledges her hair and face as she continues to talk.
The woman has her hair down and starts styling her hair.
She completes styling her hair and continues to talk.
Boys balance on slack lines and do various tricks.
People balances on a slack line in a park and slowly walks across the length of the rope between two trees.
Boys balance across a slack line placed over a small pond at a park.
little kid is standing in front of a counter with jars and ingedients in front of her.
woman is putting sugar in a pan with water and heat it, put water and lemon juice and mixing all the ingredients in a jar.
A woman in a purple bodysuit and wearing a bib on her back approaches a wooden balance beam in front of a large audience who is cheering her on.
The woman jumps on the the balance beam and a man quickly grabs the ramp she used to jump onto the balance beam and removes it from the area.
The woman begins her routine that includes, jumps, flips, and small dance moves.
During the routine the woman flips and slightly loses her balance but quickly recovers and remains on the balance beam.
The woman goes to the furthest end of the balance beam, has a very concentrated look on her face and she quickly does a series of flips off of the balance beam, lands on her feet, throws her two arms in the air and waves to the audience who is cheering wildly.
We see a play button on a screen.
We sees a lady shave her legs with a pink razor.
We then see the ending screen play button.
A person holds small objects in their hands.
The person applies objects continuously to a wooden surface.
When the person rubs on the smaller object, it puts a white residue on the surface.
When the person rubs on the brown object, it removes the residue.
Two men are shown standing in a recording studio playing instruments.
One is playing the guitar while the other plays the flute together.
They finish their song and one gives a hand gesture to the camera while the other smiles.
woman is talking to the camera in front of a large gym with a lot of estatic bikes in the background and people doing exercise.
girl start doing exercise in the elliptical bike.
A woman stands in a red dress.
She is throwing darts at a board.
She throws several darts at the board.
She throws darts in slow motion.
A kite is shown high in the air.
A man is holding the kite before letting it go.
It spins high into the air and flips in circles and angles, bouncing off the ground.
A gymnast mounts a low beam in a gym.
She performs on the beam, doing handsprings and flips.
She then dismounts with her hands in the air.
There is a facility open just for beer pong games so people can come play.
Everyone loves it and is excited to be there around other people that like to play.
A lot of different groups are playing and talking about it as well as even playing rock paper scissors to see who gets to go first.
Whoever is the winner gets a check at the end of the game.
We see a man walking on the ice.
He moves a stick and pulls a fishing line out of a hole.
The man pulls a fish out of the hole.
He picks the fish up and shows us the fish.
The man then throws the fish back into the hole.
An introduction comes onto the screen for a female weight lifting competition.
One of the female weight lifters is shown on the screen as she goes through several increasing levels of lifts one by one.
When she finally reaches a weight that is too heavy for her to lift, she leaves the challenge.
A woman is seen brushing her teeth and leads into toothpaste being spread on a toothbrush.
Another girl brushes her teeth and shows several stills on how to properly brush teeth.
More clips are shown of people brushing their teeth.
A girl sits in front of a lap top.
She is smoking a hookah with a red tip, and blowing the smoke out of her mouth.
She laughs, then shares the hookah with  another woman, who changes the tip and smokes as well.
The women talk and smoke at the table for a long time.
A little girl is putting makeup on her face.
She puts lipstick on her lips.
She puts mascara on her eyelashes.
She sprays body spray on her shirt.
She puts eye shadow on her eyes.
Several pictures of various foods are shown and leads into a person cutting foods on a cutting board.
More pictures are shown while the man cuts up vegetables and mixes them into a bowl.
He stirs around the ingredients and more pictures of the foods are shown.
A woman is seen pulling food out of a fridge and speaking to a girl who walks downstairs.
They women continue speaking when a man also walks down the stairs.
The woman and man then speak and the other woman walks upstairs.
There is a man on a horse waiting for the time to get going to start.
Once the gates open a cow starts running and the man on the horse chases after it with a tassel.
He swings the tassel in the air a few times and throws it catching the cow and then tying him down.
There is an audience in the stands watching the man do this and there is another man on a different horse at the side waiting.
The man puts the mop into the blue mop bucket first and then he starts mopping.
First he mops near the stove and the counter.
Then  he mops on the floor that between the refrigerator and another counter.
Then he mops the center of the kitchen floor.
This man is water skiing and he does it sitting down and standing up, except he's holding onto the handle bars backwards.
While he's skiing he tries to around to stand forward like normal, but he goes flying when he tries to turn around.
A woman and girl are trying to get a dog into a shower.
The dog keeps jumping back out.
They finally give the dog a bath outdoors with a hose.
woman put an egg on a bowl and mix it with vanilla.
quick oats and baking powder, cocoa powder and salt are mixed in a bowl.
a chocolate bar are cut in pieces with nuts and put in a bowl.
sugar and butter are mixed in a bowl till cream and put the vanilla and the powder ingredients with the chocolate and he nuts.
themix is wrap and put in a refrigerator.
batch is in a pan and ar ready to eat.
A man is closing his eyes while getting his beard trimmed and combed.
The man now has a nearly shaven beard and is getting his neck shaved.
The man has shaving cream on his neck and side and is getting his beard closely shaven with a razor in a downward motion.
His face is getting toweled off after being shaven.
A man rubs something on his hands and pats it on the other mans face.
His face gets patted with the towel at the end.
A man in a chef's outfit is talking in a kitchen while holding a potato.
A man is working behind him as he peels the potato with a tool.
He peels extremely fast, finishing in seconds.
A woman and a man exercise sitting on a cardio machine.
A woman works out sitting on a cardio machine.
A man sits next a woman performing cardio workouts.
People play shuffleboard indoors and outdoors.
A person observes when people plays shuffleboard in the street.
A couple of old people play outdoor.
Other people play shuffleboard pushing the balls in the triangle.
A woman put lipstick on her lips on front a mirror.
Then She laugh with other teens next to her.
A man is seen standing before a fire holding up an ax and begins cutting a piece of wood.
Another man holds up the pieces of wood as the man continues to cut the wood and the other man moving the wood.
A bunch of females are shown playing a water polo match in an indoor pool.
it appears to be a tournament as they are highly competitive and going all out.
Various shots of the action are shown in normal motion and in slow motion.
The match appears to be getting very tense as both teams are trying their best to score and both goalies put up great defense.
A young girl who played in the match is then shown with her entire family as they take a picture.
woman is standing in a kitchen talking to the camera holding a bag of pasta.
woman grab some pasta and put them in boiled water.
woman grab one spaghetti and eats it to see if is cooked and explain how to know it.
throw the water in the sink and grate cheese in pasta and a little oegano and serve it in a white plate.
men are playing basket in a roofed wooden court.
man is alone doing lay ups to the basket.
another man arrives to the court and start playing together.
A persons hands are seen playing a piano that pans away from the person playing.
People are seen smiling and waving to the camera while the man continues to play the piano.
The camera captures him from all over playing the piano as well as singing to the camera.
A man is seen speaking to the camera followed by several pictures of bearded men.
The man then begins using scissors on his face while holding up pieces of paper.
The man continues to shave his face and ends by waving to the camera.
The video leads into several shots of people performing impressing jumps and flips off of a high dive.
More and more people jump off the various heights of the dives and two are shown at the same time in the end.
A teen spins holding a disc in his right hand, then the girl throws the disc while competing in a stadium.
Then, another young woman spins around an throws a disc.
A female spins and throw a disc far and she wins the competition.
A man in the track raise a white flag on his right arm.
A person is seen sitting in a chair with a woman standing behind him cutting his hair.
She continuously combs his hair and measures it along the side.
She finally finishes the cut and fades away from his face.
Several images of dogs are shown outside in the field.
A young woman then appears in a grassy field and play with her dog and throwing a red Frisbee to him.
The girl then kneels down in the grass and holds the Frisbee over her head and congratulates her dog as the trick is completed and they continue to do it over and over again.
A bald man is standing next to the counter with glass and stirrer in front of him.
The man put ice in the glass, put clear liquid in the glass, added orange juice, he mix the contents as he pour the orange juice, then add red liquid that fell under the orange juice.
A man is seen holding up a shirt to the camera while the cameraman speaks and pans back to the man with the shirt.
The man holding speaking and points to an iron near him.
He picks up the iron waiting for it to get hot, then proceeds to iron his shirt while looking at the camera.
A gymnast gets ready and stretches out before an event.
The gymnast runs then tumbles down a platform during an Olympic game finally landing on a padded mat.
A large crowd applauds the performance.
Other gymnast look on and nod with approval.
A replay shows the gymnasts performance in slow motion.
The gymnast sits with her coach and is congratulated.
A shoe is cleaned with a toothbrush by a sink.
The counter is wiped with a towel.
