We see an opening screen on black.
We see a man and woman washing dishes and talking.
An image of a lady pops up on the screen.
We see the ladies image again.
The lady pops up in the subtitles.
We see them from a darker, higher camera.
We see them from the higher camera again.
Three kids are seen standing out in front of a house when one plays hop scotch to a person coming in frame.
The camera follows the same girl hopping down a long path and continuing her way back to where she started.
A woman brush the hair of a girl while talking sitting on a bed.
Then, the woman kneel on the bed and touch the shoulders of the girl.
A woman is standing in front of a christmas tree, applying a wreath.
She then hangs lights and ornaments.
At the end, she adjusts the ornaments and adds a star to the top of the tree.
A man is shown in several shots riding around on a skateboard.
Close ups are shown of objects as well as skateboard and places you can buy them.
More close ups are shown of products.
Sumos are standing in front of each other in a dust court and a referee dress in white suit is watching them.
men stat wrestling and one of them if taking off the court.
A woman in lingerie is sitting on a couch waving at the camera.
She opens a pack of cigarettes and lights up.
She continues sitting and smoking while looking at the camera.
A woman is seen belly dancing on a large stage while people watch her on the side.
She moves her hips all around while a band plays instruments behind her.
The woman continues dancing and ends by holding a pose and flipping back her hair.
Two men play squash in a room.
A player goes to find the ball and throw it to his partner.
Then, the two men continues playing squash.
A man pick up a ball from the floor and continues squash.
A man with long hair is seen brushing his face with a brush while holding his hand up and speaking to the camera.
He then holds up the brush and grabs his hoodie while smiling at the camera.
A line of players are on a court together.
They begin jumping rope in unison.
They move alike, dancing and flipping through the ropes.
A man is sitting down with a microphone attached to his ears and starts to talk about the congas in front of him.
Once he is done talking,the man begins to play and hits the congas back and forth.
In between his performance,he takes briefs breaks and talks before continuing playing.
Now,he has on head phones and starts to play the congas straight through with no interruptions.
A group of people ice fish on an ice covered lake on an overcast day.
A man walks on a snow covered lake and pulls a fish out of a fishing hole.
A woman and a man then run on the ice and pull another fish out of another hole in the lake.
A third fish is pulled out of another hole in the ice and then thrown back into the hole.
A man wearing a hat is talking on a stage.
A woman enters, and she begins to dance.
The woman lights a hula hoop on fire, dancing with the hoop.
A ballerina is seen swirling in a room and leads into the woman speaking to the camera and performing several ballet moves.
She stands at the barre and then on her own to demonstrate how to properly perform ballet moves.
She moves her arms up and down as well as her legs and continuously speaking to the camera.
People picks up piles of grass on a front yard.
A dog walks in the yard where people pile  grass.
A man cut the grass using a hand cutter.
The dogs smells on the ground.
The Pinta rowing team works together to make it down the whitewater.
They have a refreshing dip under a waterfall to cool off.
They pose together with other rafters.
Falling underwater can be a scary undertaking.
All in all it is a fun and relaxing time.
A woman add ice on a glass while talking.
Then, the woman adds syrup in the glass using a measure cup.
After, the woman add liquid to the glass, then pours the it in a black cup.
After, the woman serves the mix in another glass.
A chef demonstrates how to peel a potato using a potato peeler and a potato, in a kitchen in front of cutting board.
The man talks to the camera and begins to peel the potato with the peeler peeling of slices of skin and gesturing at the table.
The man peels the potato until it has no more skin on it.
A coach align a group of teens in a basketball court, the teen on front holds a basketball ball.
Three teens run and a boy throws the basketball to the basket, then the second teen grabs the ball and pass the ball to two teens disputing to have the ball.
Then, three more boys run to practice the same steps.
A young man wearing a yellow t-shirt practice basketball on the other basketball goal.
After, a group of three boys runs to practice basketball shooting and blocking.
A girl is shown washing and scrubbing her face several times while speaking into the camera.
She finishes by turning on the faucet and rinsing water through her face.
Three girls are riding stationary bikes.
A man is standing in front of them holding a camera.
Another man walks in front of them.
A girl is seen laying down on a table while a man wearing gloves holds scissors to her belly button.
He then pierces the girl's stomach and she sits up and walks away in the end smiling.
A man with a whistle holds the middle of the rope.
Two men are at each end of the rope pulling in their own direction over the mud.
The red rope is leaning toward the man in blue as he nearly sits on the ground.
The referee is on his knee observing.
The competitor is taking short breaths as he stares.
A man with a beard gives a wink and grins.
Each man continues to pull as they lean back in the mud.
It shows 6 minutes has passed as they continue to pull.
It shows 8 minutes and 30 seconds have passed.
The man in red stands up and runs backwards pulling the other man across the line.
The two men shake hands and hug and walk away.
The man in blue puts his arms around two men and walk away.
A video is shown of skateboarders at an outdoor skatepark.
Interviews are shown and then a few races are shown.
A little girl is playing in the sand.
The girl grabs a shovel.
A person walks in front of the camera.
The camera pans to the water.
The girl walks to the water.
The girl walks into the water.
A man paddles a surfboard with a baby on the board in front of him.
He momentarily lifts the baby up to a standing position.
A woman moves towards the man and the baby.
The man momentarily lifts the baby up to a standing position again.
The man momentarily lifts the baby up to a standing position once more.
A woman walks out of a kitchen and over to a steamer with her daughter behind her.
She picks up her iron and begins to iron a pair of pants as the girl plays with a dress, and the woman has left the iron resting on the clothing.
She irons the dress for the girl as she watches.
Two boys are wrestling in a bedroom.
One boy is picked up and thrown on the bed.
The boy turns off the camera.
A large group of people are seen holding up flags and walking in a circle while many others watch on the sides.
Two people are then seen walking up to the circle and lead into a wrestling match between the two.
One man bows to the other and the winner walks away from the stage.
A line of knives and cutting utensils are on a table.
A woman is cutting the top off of a pumpkin and raking the seeds into a bowl.
Then she begins gutting the seeds from the pumpkin.
She draws a face on the outside before using a knife to begin carving out the face of her pumpkin.
Finally she places the top back in place, and puts a candle inside.
A young child is seen walking forward with a stick in his hand and pushing a puck down a track.
He walks back while another boy hits the puck and several people watch on the sidelines.
The young boy continues to walk back and fourth.
A woman and male sports news reporter, report, during a live newscast, from behind a newscast table, on a story about the dangers of dodgeball in schools and whether or not a dodge ball hurts more than a soccer ball when hit with one or the other.
Two newscasters talk to each other from behind a newscast table.
The clip switches to display a series of video clips of different children playing dodgeball in gymnasiums and being hit by the dodgeball.
The woman reporter then takes a group of men out to a enclosed, paved area, outdoors, and proceeds to throw both a dodgeball and soccer ball at them, at which point several of the men display that they have been hit and hurt by both balls.
Various text is shown across the screen that leads into a man hosting a news segment.
An athlete is then seen spinning around in circles and throwing an object off into the distance.
More text is shown across the screen.
A woman in a belly dancer outfit is on stage.
She walks down the lane while dancing and singing.
She gyrates her hips and arms as she performs.
A large group of people are seen wandering around a beached area followed by people dancing and enjoying the beach.
Several clips are shown of a soccer match going on as well as fans celebrating to the camera.
In the end the team all celebrates together while confetti falls from the sky.
A person is seen putting their hands in a sink full of dirty water and pressing his face up against the water.
The man continues wiping the mud off of his face as the mud drips down into the sink.
A small white, medium size Christmas tree is standing in front of two green doors.
A lady is carrying a bag that has a "SNO-BOND FLOCK #1" written on it.
The lady put the sno-bond flock in a strainer and grab a water spray bottle.
She started to sift the white stuff on the tree.
After sifting she spray the dust towards the tree.
Teens skateboard on the road and a parking lot during the day.
The teens skateboard in the street day and night.
Teens skateboard  in a busy street, then they skateboard on the rails of a building.
After, the teens skateboard day and night in the street.
A person uses the toilet in a stall.
The man leaves the bathroom without washing his hands.
The man eats from food dishes using his hands.
A woman plays with the dogs.
A person washes their hands in a sink using foam soap.
The person uses a paper towel to dry off his hands.
A person washes their hands in a stainless steel sink.
A person is seen bending over his legs with a person putting shaving cream all over his leg.
The person then grabs a razor and begins shaving the man's leg while dipping it into a sink.
The woman continues shaving his leg while panning back to the sink and him having a drink.
Intro screen appears and includes an illustration of a man wiping the floor with a mop in a bathroom, a brand name and some other words.
A woman is now in the bathroom using an advanced bucket that is tall and includes a handle for squeezing the flat mop and a storage compartment, and she mops the floor with the mop, then demonstrates how to squeeze it in the bucket and goes back to moping the rest of the bathroom.
A top view of the bucket is shown and it shows the bucket has two water compartments and the clean water is in the front and the dirty water is kept in the back.
A white screen appears and it displays the logo brand, different pictures of the mop sleeves and numbers next to it.
The woman walks to the entrance of the bathroom, removes the wet floor sign, puts it in her cart, starts pushing the cart, and the focus goes back to the clean bathroom she just cleaned.
A large group of flags is shown.
Several swimmers are swimming in the pool.
They swim competitively, shown from underneath.
A large group of people are seen standing on a field playing a volleyball game with one another.
The camera pans around the beach and back to the people playing with one another passing the ball around.
The letters RPM appear on the screen.
A room is filled with people riding exercise bikes.
They go as fast as they can, advertising a fitness gym.
A woman holds the wheel of the yacht that sails in the ocean, and a dolphin swims near the yacht.
Then, a young men talks, and from time ti time shows the sunset.
Four people start to dance in the yacht, and one boy dance against the sail.
The four people holds a big fish with both hands while the yacht continues to sail.
A person put objects in a pumpkin on a desk while looking inside it.
When the man walks away, the pumpkin blast and turn on an light to see the a mouth and two eyes.
A person is seen walking into frame in front of a pair of drums.
He then begins playing the drums back and fourth.
He continues to play on the drums and ends by turning the camera off.
A close up of a blue hookah is shown bottom to top.
The bowl is shown, then the hookah is filled with water by gloves.
The hose is attached to the hookah.
Tobacco is packed into the bowl, then covered with tin foil and punctured with a toothpick.
A piece of coal is lit, then the invisible person smokes the hookah while reading a book.
A group of people are in tubes floating on top of murky water with huge rocks in it.
The camera scans the crowd and people continuously paddle their way across the water.
Two people are seen performing tango moves slowly while text appears on the screen.
The woman then does the same moves by herself while the man and woman's silhouette is shown beside them.
Then the man performs his moves alone and leads into the couple performing again.
Two wildebeests lock horns in a fight for dominance.
The fight continues with the rest of the wildebeest herd looking on.
The fight continues on as one wildabeast pushes the other away from the herd near a river.
One wildebeest gives up and runs off as the other wildebeest chases.
A white screen appears with black text that comes in twice on the screen and then scrolls off screen while fading out.
Three children in life vests and two supervising adults are on a raft waiting to go rafting.
The group rafting down a river with all it's bumps and water splashing.
There is a yellow text that comes on screen showing the locations they are at.
The children are at the destination as one young girl comes close to the cam and waves at it.
A white screen appears and two words appear one in yellow at the top of the sceeen and one in blue at the bottom on the screen and both then move off screen.
A man in a red shirt is playing a drum set.
A man in a blue shirt is sitting down talking.
A person is snowboarding on a mountain.
There is a montage of roads leading to a mountain and a chairlift.
People jump on ramps and halfpipes.
A bike is pulled up to a stop in a park.
A rider takes off from a gate on the dirt bike.
He takes the turns and curves sharply, going over hills.
A man in a black coat is shoveling snow with a shovel.
He picks up a large shovel full of snow and tosses it next to him.
He continues shoveling the driveway.
A young child is seen sitting a top of a slide with his tongue sticking out.
He begins to go down the slide but falls off the side and is seen laying on the floor.
snowboarder is in big field in white snow.
a cubicle in the mountain and slip down the mountain in snowboard.
people is in cubicle and moving down the mountain in snowboard and pass by a parking lot.
A man is standing inside a gym as he speaks to the camera.
He indicated a blue block on the ground before stepping over it and kneeling on top of it.
He begins pulling the cord on the equipment, showing how it is used.
A gyros restaurant is shown from the outside.
We enter, and the chef begins talking to the camera.
He demonstrates how to make a gyro sandwich.
He places all the ingredients on the counter, shaves the meat, and begins to stack them inside the pita.
He continues talking for the camera, then serves the camera man a gyro.
The man eats it, nodding in approval.
A man pierces a woman's cheek.
She sticks her tongue out and then the process is completed.
A man is seen spinning a rubix cube into his hands followed by more people attempting to solve the puzzle and speak to the camera.
More people are shown attempting to solve the puzzle as well as speaking to the camera and smiling.
People are riding in a boat in the water.
The boat is pulling a tube with a man behind it.
The person flies off of the tube.
The boat is pulling the same tube with several young people on it.
A person water skis behind the boat.
A jet ski passes by the boat then we see the passengers.
A group of women are seen walking around a sandy area and begin playing a match of volleyball with one another.
The girls continue playing the match while others watch on the sidelines and walk back slowly in the end.
The woman in black shirt is bend over and hit the ball with mallet.
The woman hit again the green ball causing it to hit the small pole.
The woman in black cheered and began to walk.
The credits of the clip are shown.
Guys throw balls on a field.
A guy holds a few balls and talks.
A man holding a flat bat walks across the field followed by a male holding one ball in each hand.
Two men sit with one man holding a flat bat.
Guys hit balls with the flat bat.
The credits of the video are shown.
A train goes by on a track, and several cars are seen driving on a wet road.
A woman gets out, and crouches by a flat tire.
She uses equipment to lift the car from the ground, then removes the tire.
She replaces the bad tire with a spare.
she then puts away her equipment and gives a thumbs up before driving safely away.
A young child is seen speaking to the camera while holding up a glass and walking to a cabinet.
She fills up the glass and peels lemons into the water.
She then uses a spoon to drink the water as well as a straw and nodding her head waving.
A woman is seen speaking in the middle of a large gymnasium and leads into several different gymnasts performing one after the another on uneven bars.
The gymnasts continue to move all around the bars and ends with one girl going over and over and everyone waving in the end.
A woman is seen kneeling down on the floor speaking to the camera while a dog lays next to her.
The woman is then seen running soap and water all over a dog in the sink and ending by cleaning him off and watching him run around and be excited.
An intro leads into several shots of people riding down snowy hills and climbing up the side.
Two people speak to the camera and show more shots of them climbing a mountain and various shots of the mountain.
The people then ride around on skis while still speaking to the camera and show several shots of them riding down the snowy mountain.
A man is seen holding an accordion while speaking to the camera and smiling.
He then plays the instrument while looking at the camera and ends by speaking more to the camera.
On a a big field there is a lacrosse team playing a game , they are all moving around strategically.
They throw the ball trying to make the goal while the other team tries to block them.
They are running around you can see arrows to pointing to whats going on here and there.
it is a very physical and hands on sport that requires stamina and energy.
A bike is seen outside a building.
A group of men are outside, drinking eer and talking while playing beer pong.
They try to throw the ball into the glasses.
They laugh and talk as they play.
A group of men are playing soccer.
One player kicks the ball into the goal before going for the opposing goal.
They continue fighting over the ball for an extended period.
A man is seen bending down while holding a crochet bat and hitting a ball through a hole.
The man then holds his hands up and looks back to the camera and smiles.
A woman with long, black, curly hair is wearing casual wear, talking, and squatting on a roof.
The woman then stands up and walks to a part of the roof where she lifts up a black shingle on the roof.
The woman is now on standing on the ground in front of the house smiling and talking.
A large truck pulls up to the house and a man begins to unload shingles onto the roof.
The woman is back on the roof with a shovel and is shoveling off all of the old shingles then she dumps them in a large dumpster.
Men are now laying out long pieces of black material and nailing them into the roof, as well as nailing the shingles down.
The roof is done and a view of the entire house is shown to show off the finished roof.
The woman is standing in front of the home, smiling while talking.
From the roof we see the street where a car is parked and a man standing on the room the man begins to pry up roof shingles.
The man adds a fixed piece of shingles and nails hem down.
The man finishes and walks away.
We see the ruck on the street for the roofing company.
We see two opening title screens.
we see a man in a room playing a set of drums.
The man plays the drums on the left side primarily.
The man pauses while playing.
The man hits a few drums then stops.
A large group of cheerleaders are seen running through a hole and onto a stage.
The group then begins performing with one another while lifting one another into the air.
The group continue to lift and jump around one another and end by walking off stage.
A man is standing over an oven cooking something in a pan.
He bends down to check the flame.
He tosses the pan a few times.
He is adding seasonings to the pan.
He pours a liquid into the pan.
He shakes the pan again.
A man walks up to a set of parallel bars.
The man performs acrobatics on the bars in a professional venue.
The man successfully jumps of the bars and lands on his feet.
We see people on a boat and then see quick shots of people on a boat in diving gear.
We see people under water diving.
A man holds a white thing and touches it over and over.
Above water people are on the boat and a person falls into the water, we see people underwater diving and looking at sealife at night.
A person falls back into the water and we are underwater near a shipwreck in the day.
The men get on the boat after they are done.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera and leads into her cutting a person's hair.
She continues cutting and styling the hair while the man looks off into the distance.
People are sitting in bumper cars.
A man on the side is holding onto the side of one of the cars.
He jumps off onto the side.
First the elderly woman goes to hug the young man and then a man in a blue shirt plays the piano beautifully of different melodies.
Then two little boys run outside the door while the man who's standing by the door looks tired and pitiful.
A person wearing a costume is seen standing and posing inside a canoe and eventually pushes themselves down the river.
The person moves in the canoe slowly and the camera follows him moving along the water in the canoe.
A ball is shown flying up in the sky while a large group of people stand around.
A person is then seen grabbing the ball on the ground.
The person catches the ball and the clip is shown again in slow motion.
A gymnast performs on the vault on front a crowd, she flips and falls from the vault.
Then, the gymnast jumps, flips but staggers during her performance.
The gymnast performs backward flips, then  she continues with her routine.
Next, the gymnast jumps and does a double flip and land stands on the mat.
An athlete climbs on the pommel horse to perform jumps and flips.
The athlete flips backwards and then continues with her routine.
The athlete stands on the border on the pommel horse and runs to jump, then flips and fall stand on the floor.
Text is shown across the screen followed by a man kneeling down in dirt.
The man using a torch to light a spark on the machine in front of him.
He stops to look back at the camera.
Two men cook omelettes on long pans in the street.
People pass on front the men.
A man puts scrambles eggs in the hot pan using two stick to turn over the eggs.
Then the man adds more scrambled eggs while turning the omelette to make it bigger.
After, he man wraps the omelette.
Six children wearing white clothing and orange belts are in a room with others watching.
A man yells an order and the children demonstrate their Taekwondo.
The man yells again and the children line up and bow.
The children demonstrate poses as the man orders them.
They then perform more martial arts moves.
They return to the line they were standing in previously.
They demonstrate additional moves including kicks and punches.
They line up again and bow for a second time.
We see a scoreboard in a game.
Girls run onto the field and shake hands with the other team.
We see girls playing volleyball indoors.
The girls on the left make a shot and the team hugs.
We see the scoreboard and people on the sidelines talking.
We see a shot in slow motion and the girls hug.
The game is over and the girls all shake hands.
Two vacuums one taller and one is shorter is show.
The vacuum is being use on the carpet, wooden floor, on the corner, under the table and on the side of the trash can and then the carpet.
A hand is pulling out a tube, used the tube to vacuum the stairs and the corner of the ceiling, then a hand took out the tube and threw away the dust from the transparent tube.
A woman is carrying the vacuum and put it in the storage.
A woman is walking at the factory, then a person is drawing the vacuum in a white sheet.
A man is using a pair of hedge trimmers on trees.
He is talking to the camera as he goes.
He trims the trees with the shears.
men are working in a tablein the background, a man in the center of the room start walking in circles and make break dance, a screen hanging is playing a rap video.
the screen is playing a video and the credits are in the right side.
The credits of the clip are shown.
A guy sits on the floor and speaks.
The guy lays down and does sit ups.
The guy goes back to the sitting position.
The credits of the video and an image are shown.
A man has a hookah in his mouth and he is inhaling smoke for a while.
He takes the hookah out of his mouth and exhales letting out a bunch of smoke.
I think he is trying to make O's with the smoke but he doesn't know how.
He keeps inhaling and continues to try blowing out the smoke.
A small group of kids are seen playing with two adults on a beach pushing sand into a pile.
The kids continue grabbing water while the camera pans around the other people swimming in the area.
Two men start dancing on a stage.
They put their hands up next to their face.
An album of a woman is shown on the screen.
men are standing in a field playing throwing a small piece of food into another man's mouth.
man is talking in front of the camera and the team is standing in a big green grassy field.
man starts playing cricket in the field.
woman is talking to the camera in news.
We see a white opening screen.
We see two men sitting then shaking their heads.
We see tools and tips for croquet.
The two men argue about the game.
We see the men playing croquet.
We see a diagram on the screen.
The man has his foot on a red ball.
We see a man laugh and dance while another is upset.
We see the ending title screen.
Woman in pink points to the goal.
Girl in black shoots and score goal.
Teammates congratulate the girl in black for the goal.
Players get into their positions.
Girl in black runs after the ball.
Girl in black hits the ball to her teammate.
Girls run after the ball.
We see a man shooting pool on a blue table.
The man finishes and smiles as his friend claps his hands.
We see the closing screen.
A woman with glasses on is knitting.
A girl in a black shirt is sitting down talking.
The woman knitting talks back to the girl.
A man talks in an office holding a harmonica.
Then, the man opens a stand and turns on the radio.
After, the man plyas the harmonica.
A gopro ad appears on the screen.
Someone wears the device as he uses a mower to mow his lawn.
It is sped up as it shows every angle as he completes mowing the lawn, back and forth and going over the same spots until it is perfect.
First the camera shows the three people who are snow tubing down the slippery snowy slide.
Then one person is shown wearing glasses and other snow gear in the snow tubes.
Then a great amount of other people are shown snow tubing next to each other.
The scene is of a neighborhood surrounded by tall trees and a pile of dead leaves next to a leaf catcher.
A man holding a rattle puts leaves in bags attached to a leaf catcher.
Also, the man use the leaf catcher to collect trash in a bag.
a girl is holding a baton her hand.
She tosses it to a boy beside her.
They take turns throwing it into the air and catching it.
A man is running down the track at a track and field competition.
He begins to take some rapid steps to give himself so leverage for a jump he is trying to make.
He takes off into the air as he begins the jump.
He lands on the ground as he completes the jump.
A man in a blue shirt is sweeping the floor in a gym.
He flips the broom over and lays it flat on the floor.
He starts vacuuming around the floor.
He vacuums the bottom of the broom.
A man runs out on a professional stadium and throws a ball at a batter.
Two women watching the game cheer after the batter hits the ball with his plank.
One of the women exposes her bare chest to the camera, a black bar is overlaid.
The camera returns to action on the field.
A woman stands in a kitchen talking.
She walks over to a sink, puts on gloves and washes dishes.
A man wearing a coach shirt is standing while a female gymnast turns flips on a beam.
He spots her as she flips and dismounts before sitting down.
A boy sits at a table with a girl beside him.
He is trying to solve a rubik's cube while she times him.
A counter counts quickly as he tries his best to solve the puzzle.
He finally solves the cube, and stands up from the table.
An intro leads into a man holding a violin and playing with his hands.
The man continues to play and then pauses to speak to the camera while also demonstrating how to properly play.
A little girl jumps hopscotch in the street.
The little girl turns and jumps hopscotch.
Various pictures are shown of people close up in an area as well as people riding around on a camel.
People continue riding around on the camels with one man leading them in front and the camera capturing several more people.
In the end the camels are seen wandering around one another and a picture of everyone standing together.
A man in a white shirt is standing in a gym.
He sits on an exercise machine and starts working out.
He finishes and puts the bar down.
A woman is seen standing at the end of a diving board with her arms down and facing forward.
The woman then begins jumping up and down on the board and diving back into the water.
A large group of people are seen sitting inside a raft and paddling themselves along a rough river.
The camera pans all around to people sitting in the raft and continuing to move along and move under a bridge.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into clips of him moving dirt.
Other men help plant the areas while moving around wheel barrows and planting plants while still speaking to the camera.
A man is inside of a barn and is let out on a horse to catch a cow attached to the horse.
As he throws his lasso,he misses the cow and runs to get something before going back to the cow.
The man finally approaches the calf and another man comes out to assist him and he returns back to the horse.
A rodeo is shown as a man charges out of the gate to throw the rope around a baby calf.
he is instantly successful and hops back on his horse.
Two people are seen performing a fencing match back and fourth while other people practice in the background.
Several shots of people fencing are shown as well as a fencer being interviewed on camera.
More shots of people fencing are shown and ends with many standing around and two shaking hands.
A woman holds a yellow ball behind her neck.
She turns around and launches the ball onto a field.
People run to measure the distance.
A man in a red shirt holds a ball behind his neck.
He turns around and launches the ball on the field.
People run to measure the distance of it.
Another woman holds a ball behind her neck.
She also turns around and launches the ball onto the field.
People then run over to measure the distance.
She waves at the crowd.
She then throws the ball again.
The results then flash on the screen.
A man is standing in front of wires and puts on a welding helmet.
He starts to weld the corner of the room.
The man sands the corner where he was welding.
He continues to weld in the same corner.
The man pushes his helmet up and replaces the wires and sands the same area again.
He places his gloves down and shows the weld he finished.
A boy is sitting in a salon chair and talking.
A stylist cuts his hair into a new style.
He dries and sprays the hair into a spikey look.
A tall building is shown with a tower.
People are applauding for people that are jumping off of the top of the building.
A large group of people are seen sitting around a stage and leads into a man and woman hosting.
The hosts lead into a large group of people on the stage performing a dance routine with one another.
The people continue dancing around one another and end with the judges clapping and the host leading them off.
A man covers a wall with cement using a hose.
A person works behind the wall.
The person is covering the last section of the wall.
Several views are shown of a machine from different angles.
A woman uses an attachment to suck the wrinkles out of a shirt.
She then hangs a pair of pants, and irons it smooth, creating a crease.
A group of cheerleaders come from the side stage and begin smiling and waving to the crowd before settling into their formation.
The routine begins and they start doing hurkies,throwing each other in the air and holding each other up.
Doing the middle of the routine,half of the girls sit in the back behind the rest of the cheerleaders as they do a part of the routine.
The routine ends and they all run across the stage with spirit fingers before leaving the stage.
A young man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into him trying to solve a rubix cube.
The boy then solves the cube and pans the camera back to show his time.
A person throws a ball to a teen who runs and kick the ball.
A teen grabs the ball in the air and throws to another girl.
The falls on the ground an the girl takes it.
Pole Vault Greats is on the screen.
There are several scenes of men and women pole vaulting.
A wind kite is shown in the air.
A man in a black shirt is controlling the wind kite and falls on the ground.
Dogs are running around on the grass.
A group of men are outside in a large field on horses playing a game of polo.
Player number three takes the ball all the way to the end of the field and he is then trailed by four other people.
Once they leave the end of the field,they all begin trotting back to the middle by the referee on a horse.
A woman stands on a diving board.
She jumps off of the diving board.
She dives into the pool of water.
She swims under the water.
A woman and a boy peel potatoes on front a trash can.
Then, the boy puts the potato and the peeler over the counter, but again he takes it.
The woman finishes to cut the potato.
A person is seen sitting behind a table with one holding a piece of paper around him.
The man then attempts to solve a rubix cube while a timer catches his score.
The man writes down his score and the man attempts to solve the cube several more times while the boy helps.
A woman puts some lotion on her hand.
She rubs the lotion onto her face.
A cartoon demonstration is shown on the screen.
A small group of children are seen running around a lacrosse field playing a game with one another.
The camera continues to follow the people around as they chase the ball and run up and down the field.
People are sitting on and riding camels outside.
A person is walking and holding a string tied to the camel's face.
A light brown liquid is being poured into small glasses.
two men are riding a water bike in a sea while a big wave is behind them.
a lot of scenes of people surfing on big waves on the sea and a city is in the background.
A small group of people are seen standing ready in a park with their arms and legs by their sides.
The group then begins moving around with fans in their hands moving their arms and legs.
The group continues moving around together and ends with them standing together and looking off into the distance.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera while holding onto an accordion.
She begins moving the instrument slowly while looking to the camera.
She continues playing the accordion while speaking and looking away.
A large group of people are in a mall and are watching people set up an area with a large black floor and a large black wall.
Suddenly there are lit up people wearing light suits that are dancing on the black area and they change from 1-7 people, and alternate suit colors from white, then to red and then back to white again.
Their light suits go out and the dance is over.
A marching band plays in a stadium while the cheerleaders perform on side.
A team of football players gather behind the marching band.
A cheerleader pass behind the marching band.
The cheerleaders in the bleachers perform with pom poms.
Then, the cheerleaders next to the band performs jumping and moving around.
A man is seen playing a set of bag pipes to the camera while moving his hands up and down.
The man continues playing the instrument in the room and ends by moving his hands down.
The bikers are biking on the ramp, while on the starting line the group of bikers are  in positioned.
The small fence was put down the the bikers went bike racing over the big ramps.
The spectators are on the side of the tracks.
There are a lot of people indoors in a large building walking, or hanging out, and the banner below say's "WHAT IN THE WORLD? China's National Tug-of-War Championships" and he logo on the right say's "east SPORTS WEST".
There are two sets of people along a rope and they are separated in the middle by referees.
They take a bow, pick up the rope, and each team begins to tug on the rope until a winner is called.
A woman referee is now standing with her two arms up and she lets them down to indicate that the two teams can start tugging on the rope, and they do until she blows a whistle to indicate the winner.
Two short clips play and it shows a womens tug-of-war match, then a mens but it doesn't show much and then it goes straight to outdoor shots of the city and text on the screen appear with the network logo, website, and rights of the video.
A woman wearing a bra is standing in a room.
She throws a dart across the room.
A man with a hat stands next to her.
A guy holds a light cloth.
A guy gets a white basin from beneath the sink and fills it with water in a sink.
The guy puts down the light cloth and adds dish soap to the basin.
The guy gets a rack from beneath the sink and places it on the counter top.
The guy adds utensils and a dish to the white basin and washes them with a red rug.
A boy watches from behind.
The guy rinses the dishes and puts them in a rack.
The guy dries the dish with the light cloth.
A piece of exercise equipment is put together through technology and then shown in real time.
A person's hand turns a knob on the machine and begins running on the machine.
Close ups of her feet are shown as well as several other angles of her running.
A man watch through a window two bears copulate while brushing a shoe.
A girl enters the room and see the bears, then she leaves the room.
People are standing on a blue mat.
They begin doing a cheerleading routine on the mat.
They hold up signs in front of the mat.
Several spectators watch as a man does track and field.
The video with a man who begins running down the track.
As he reaches the dirt section, he he does three jumps.
On his final jump, he extends his legs to try and jump as far as possible.
The video ends after he lands and he is shown smacking the ground.
A red ball sits between two poles.
A cricket bat begins swinging.
Two shoes sit on either side.
The bat strikes the ball.
A boy rinses his face with water in a bathroom sink.
The boys laugh and joke together in the bathroom.
A boy rubs soap on his hands and then onto his face.
The boy rinses the soap off from his face in the sink.
The boy rolls up the towel and throws it in the corner of the room.
chiopped vegetables are in a bowls on top of table.
the ingredients are mixed inside a bowl together with oil, pepper and mayonnaise.
The camera focuses on a smiling man seated next to others.
Another individual walks through the frame foreground and briefly obscures the first man.
A guy spins a ball attached to a rope.
The guy releases the ball and rope attachment to the area behind him.
The guy spins the ball attached to a rope and falls to the ground.
We see a black opening screen.
We see people surfing in the ocean Two men are taking images.
We see a title screen then two men stand on the beach with a camera.
We see the surfers in the ocean.
We see the third title screen and two men on the beach with a camera.
We then see the surfers in the ocean.
We see a man on a boat with a camera.
We then see the closing title screen.
A young girl is seen speaking to the camera and begins playing with her hair.
She pins up her and puts put a headband in her hair.
She then puts in more fake hair as well as doing her makeup.
She points to the camera in the end and smiles.
A man is seen standing in front of a chalk board holding a musical instrument and transitioning to the chalk board every now and then.
A person's hand is seen using an ipod followed by more shots of the person talking and writing on a paper.
The man then plays the instrument as the camera captures him from several angles while pausing to speak.
A girl plays with her braided pony tail.
The girl twists her hair together in two sections.
The girl braids the end of the twisted hair.
The girl separates the braids and loosens them.
The girl pulls the braids up her hair to make them more fluffy.
The girl uses a flat iron on her hair.
The girl holds two dogs and dances.
A woman chef demonstrates, in a kitchen, in front of a kitchen counter top and ingredients, how to prepare a salad.
A woman stands in front of a kitchen counter top with greens, cheese, vegetables and oils and talks to the camera.
The woman begins to cut the greens and put them in a white bowl before turning to pull oven roasted brussel sprouts out of the oven.
The woman then squeezes and orange and pours the orange juice on the salad with the brussell sprouts and oil before the scene fades out.
We see a green opening screen.
We see a ladies hair in a close up.
A lady speaks while sitting on a couch.
We see a lady putting a roller in her hair.
We then see the finished product.
Two boy scouts are seen standing and speaking to a large group of people and attempting to light a match.
One cups his hands and creates a flame using oxygen and puts the flame into a pit.
A guy is throwing darts across the room.
The speed of the clip is quickened.
A man is seen acting crazy towards a camera while sitting at a poker table with another man.
The men stick their tongues out at the camera and the camera moves in on another table with people playing.
In the end he faces the camera towards himself.
A woman is skating down a sidewalk outside.
She rolls slowly past the camera.
She keeps skating down the sidewalk past the ocean's edge.
A man is brushing the bottom of a ski.
He melts wax onto the bottom of the ski and irons it.
He then scrapes the wax off with a tool.
He uses a brush to brush the bottom of the ski.
Two young children are shown when one climbs across a set of monkey bars and the other steps out of frame.
The girl makes it to the end of the bars and looks to the camera speaking and smiling.
A young girl is seen sitting in front of the camera running a brush down her long hair.
She suddenly jumps and screams towards the camera while smiling and setting the brush down.
a man is wearing a safety vest.
He is working with tools and sand.
He uses the sand to spread evenly against the walls.
A young lady explains how to put makeup on the eye lid using a brush.
The young lady use an eyeliner to paint the border of the top lid.
Then, she puts mascara to her eyelashes, and paint the the lower lid.
After, she brush her cheek and put lipstick on the lips.
A group of people are swimming in an indoor pool with other swimmers standing on the side of the pool watching.
The children on the sidelines are jumping up and down with swim caps and swimsuits on as they watch the people who are already in the pool swim.
A person walks by the camera as the shaky camera focuses on the people who are already in the pool swimming.
A little boy is playing an arcade game.
He picks up a ball and throws it at the pins.
He turns around and walks away.
Two people are seen riding around horses and leads into more people riding horses and walking around.
A man leads another with a horse around a field while a dog runs around behind him.
The camera interviews a man speaking to others while holding the horses.
Several clips are shown of people throwing bowling balls down a lane as well as close ups of balls and pins.
People continue bowling and the machine shows how the pins spin around and the balls returning to the back.
A man is talking from behind a bar.
He shows off several kinds of bottles and taps.
He shows how to mix a drink which he serves to a woman.
We see a tire well on a table in a clamp.
A man puts a vice grip on the well.
The man pushes and spins a tire over the wheel well.
The credits of the clip are shown.
People are biking down a path.
A person is trying to start a fire.
The person feeds the fire and moves it to a hole.
The credits of the video are shown.
The camera pans around a large group of people wandering around and leads into people playing a soccer match.
The players are shown watching on the side and show more shots of the people and the city.
There are some kids using a water pump to wash their hands at the Plumpton Park Zoo.
There's a young boy in a black and white hoodie helping pump out water for another boy to wash his hands.
Then he goes on help another young boy wearing a black hoodie to wash his hands.
The three kids are having fun in the water as they wash their hands clean.
A man walks across a rope suspended between two mountains high in the air using his arms for balance.
A man walks across a suspended rope high in the air, losing balance at one point and holding on to the rope with his hands and feet wrapped around the rope.
The man then is able to hoist himself back enough on the rope to sit on it with the rope between his legs.
A horse runs wild with a trainer chasing after it.
A horse runs after and bucks a bull that charges it with its horns.
The horse is let out of the coral by the cowboys.
The horses intestines hang from its body from the injury.
The horse lies on the ground having a seizure.
A bull chases after a cowboy on a horse carrying a lasso.
A scenery of a residence is shown.
A man appears from behind a hedge and he's holding a lime green hedge cutter and he begins to go around his hedges and starts cutting away at them first at the top, then he concentrates on the sides and towards the bottom.
The man then moves his hedge cutter and concentrates on the top of the hedges.
A lady is walking across a lawn.
A guy runs and stops on the lawn.
A man is standing on a track.
The man runs on the track, jumps, and lands in a sand box.
The man gets up, falls to the ground, and lays there.
Three men are seen sitting behind a set of bongo drums playing quickly while several camera flashes are shown.
The men continue playing again while laughing and smiling at one another.
We see a lawnmower and a persons hand.
A person starts the mower and it smokes.
We see the man mowing the lawn with a smoking mower.
We see the mower from the point of view of the mower.
We see the boy start the lawn mower again.
The boy mows the lawn.
We then see the boy walking with the mower.
A window cleaner in sneakers and a beanie is hanging up and cleaning a window with a towel, with other cleaners behind him hard at work.
He lowers himself down to another section of the window and wipes it with a blade.
The camera person pans around the environment.
A pair of hands are shown at a black jack table.
A woman is dealing the cards and chips.
The chips are shown in a stack at the end.
A man is outside in the good with an ax attempting to cut down a tree.
Finally,the tree comes down and the man begins to hit the tree with the ax.
There's a man doing a science experiment in his kitchen using a on liter Pepsi bottle that is filled with foam.
There's a boy laying down on the floor with his legs stretched up against the cabinet.
The man is holding a hose in one hand and blowing air into the bottle simultaneously.
Then he drops the huge bubble from the bottle onto the boy's face.
A large group of people are seen standing in a crowd when a man holding a set of bag pipes walks up and gives everyone the devil horns.
They give the horns back and the man plays while walking up and down the stage.
A man is riding a black horse in slow motion.
People are shown trying to jump fences in several scenes, falling over or breaking through them at break neck speeds.
As the rider walks away, the words Do you think it's easy? Appear on the screen.
Several awards are pictured over a fire place and then moves to the wall on the left.
A table of food is shown and the person recording grabs a cookie and leaves the room.
The next room he enters,there are several people standing around playing beer pong and he proceeds to walk through the house.
Two girls are standing up doing karate.
People are sitting down watching them.
A woman in a black robe is standing up next to them.
Mj's mommy is playing around with her hair smoothing it out.
She goes to the bathroom with clips in her hair and gets out treatments and shampoos.
She begins to apply the hair things to her hair and combing it out, she starts to part her hair and put in curlers.
She begins to talk about what she is doing with her hair while she waits to take out the curlers, when she takes them out her hair is perfectly curled.
Two women are standing on a beach, wearing bikinis and holding a surf board.
They are then shown walking onto the beach and posing for pictures in between surfing on the waves.
They show how to do various surfing moves.
They are then shown on the beach, sitting down as they talk.
boys and girls are in stage doing a cheerleader choreography in a competiion while people in stands are watching them.
men wearing black uniforms are standing behind the cheer team.
The athlete is putting on his red sneakers, then he talked to the camera, and then run in the indoor tracking field.
He rested for a bit, then his coach is having interview, then the scene change where the athlete started to practice, running around, then did some pole jumped.
He did some exercises and stretches.
A person is seen walking around a room carrying a broom.
She pushes it along the wall beside her.
In the end she turns around and pushes it back.
A purple rope is attached to a blue one, which is then stretched between two trees.
A man bounces and balances on the rope as three other men watch.
The other men take turns, some falling and rebalancing.
A man in a suit is reading a newspaper.
He puts a dissolving tablet into a glass of water.
Someone runs in front of a car on stilts.
A man is seen using a hammer and tool to knock off pieces of a roof.
The man then lays a bar down and continues placing roof shingles on while the camera pans around.
A before and after picture of a sink is shown.
A person is then shown putting cleaner on a sponge and scrubbing a sink.
The cleaning products and the clean sink are then shown.
A young boy is standing in the grass swinging a bat at a pinata.
People are watching the boy.
A girl in a blue swimsuit takes the bat and starts swinging at the pinata.
Various pictures are shown of people huddled up together as well as people playing soccer on a beach.
More pictures are shown of people playing as well as one man receiving a trophy and celebrating with others.
A man is seen kneeling down on a floor followed by shots of him putting plaster and tiles down are shown.
He then drills into a bucket and lays plaster down, as well as placing tiles on the floor yet again and showing more shots of him working in the end.
Various clips are shown of food close up as well as people speaking to the camera.
Shots are shown of the outside of a restaurant as well as chefs cooking the food and people eating the food.
A man demonstrates how to apply make up to a face by applying make up to his own face in the camera.
A man talks to the camera, close up, while standing in front of a mirror.
The man begins to put on makeup blush using a brush and brushing across the apples of his cheeks.
The man then runs a crayon like makeup tool across his cheeks before returning to apply blush to his cheeks and forehead.
the man then uses a narrow and wide brush across his cheeks and then back to the regular brush for the same areas of his face.
A man is standing outside on a sidewalk with a silver camera in his hand filming something.
As the camera turns,the man is filming someone on a one-seater paddling as he is playing a bag of pipes.
The man continues,and a gruop of people crowd around him and watch him until he falls off the wheel.
men is holding a bucket and is standing in the oof of a house and its working on it.
man is doing the mix in a bucket in a floor and in the roof again.
A woman is standing in the bathtub using the shower to wash her clothes.
She kicks the clothes around and steps around and kind of dances on them.
Her boyfriend is recording her and himself in the mirror.
He continues to watch her as she steps on the clothed, and then he turns the camera to his mother.
A man talks stand on front a fence of a backyard.
Then, the man talks a person in a paint shop, and the person shows him tools in a showcase.
After, the man shows the buttons of the painting machine in the backyard.
After, the man puts blue tape on the side of the fence and covers a rail.
Then, the man paint the fence with the hose of the machine while wearing a mask.
The man continues explaining on front the machine and buckets of paint.
A man in black shirt lifted the barbel and started to carry it up and down for few times, while behind him, two men are removing the metal plates on another barbel.
The man in black shirt added more weight on the barbel by adding yellow plates on both side, then continue weight lifting.
A person polish a shoe with a wrapped finger.
Then, the person grabs polish paste and water to polish the shoe.
After, the person put a drop of water on the shoe and continues polishing.
A small group of people are seen standing around a field when one lady hits a ball.
The people continue playing crochet on the lawn while walking around.
Several men stand in a dirt arena.
Several other men sit on horses.
A gate opens and a calf runs out closely followed by a man on a horse.
The man on the horse throws a lasso around the calf's neck yanking the calf back to land on it's back.
The man jumps from his horse and runs over and ties up the calf.
The man gets up and walks back to get on his horse.
Several men run over to free the calf as it gets up and runs away.
Athletes throw a javelin across the field during a competition in a stadium.
The athlete is not pleased with his throw and slaps his legs in frustration.
The athlete is moderately pleased with his throw and claps his hands walking away and nods his head.
A scoreboard is seen with the results of the competition.
A man has his foot up on the toilet.
He starts shaving his leg with a shaver.
He pulls up his pants and starts shaving his other leg.
An intro leads into several clips of a person riding down a snowy hill on a snowboard.
The person continues riding down through the snow and falling at one point but cleaning off his goggles and speaking to others.
A man is lying in bed under the covers.
He sits up on the edge of the bed, scratching his beard.
He then stares at the shaver on his table, picking it up.
The man shaves his bear, making it much shorter before lying down in bed, cuddling with the bag filled with his beard hair.
A construction worker is standing in a building, holding a mop and bucket.
He shows off the bucket and solution, then mops the floor in a demonstration.
He gets the floor completely clean and shiny before standing to one side.
A young boy is at a party holding a stick and hitting a pinata.
When the boy is done hitting it an adult walks towards the pinata.
Another child standing with the adult also begins walking towards the pinata.
A man is seen standing in a black room and proceeds to play a flute while the camera captures him.
The man continues to lay the instrument while moving his hands up and down and moving his head to the beat.
A man demonstrates, through example how to play the recorder.
A man stands in front of two windows covered in closed beige blinds, holding a wooden recorder instrument with both hands in front of him, while talking to the camera.
The camera closes up on the body of the wooden recorder as the man begins to play lifting his fingers off of the various hole to make noise.
The camera stays in a close up shot of just the mans hands and the bottom of the recorder for the rest of the clip.
A man rides a horse into an arena.
He jumps off the horse and ties a calf.
He stands up and gets back on his horse.
Two people come and lay the calf down on the arena.
The words "Abstract Birds/Oil Painting Katy Jade Dobson" appear on screen.
Dobson sketches out a design on white canvas and starts painting it.
She stands by her finished work as paint drips in lines down the canvas.
A group of rocks are shown washed up against the banks of a large blue river.
The camera continues to span the river and a mountain range is shown.
Another angle is shown and a small circle appears on the screen.
Two hikers wearing backpacks are visible and show a rope.
One man then gets in the water and tightens the ropes around a tree from one side of the water to another and sits on the rope.
The man then stands up and attempts to tight rope across the water but falls into the water.
People are standing outside playing volleyball.
A man in a black shirt is talking to someone.
A man in a gray shirt has his hands on his hips.
The video begins with a title sequence.
A young man is shown in a gym performing tricks with a jump rope as music plays in the background.
He then lays down and begins doing tricks on the floor.
The young man gets up again and does more tricks while standing.
At one point, his friends assist with the jump rope tricks.
The video ends with credits showing the young man's name, along with the names of those who assisted him.
Several people riding skateboard are seen riding down a long hill while the camera follows them from behind.
The cameraman continuously rides down a winding road past a group of trees and stops at the bottom to meet up with another.
More riding is shown down the hill and ends with the camerman turning around.
Cheerleaders stand in a gym in the group.
the girls then perform a routine.
The girls break into three groups and the two on the sides kneel while the middle group squats.
They kneel and throw their hands in the air at the finish.
An old woman talks in a costume shop.
Then she puts a garment on the iron board, sprays water and iron the collar.
After, the woman irons the sleeves of the garment and the body part.
Next, the woman shows the ironed garment.
A chef speaks as she stands by a table full of cooking ingredients.
She grabs oil and salt and pours it into a mixing bowl.
She stirs the ingredients with some tongs.
She pours some tomatoes, zucchini and red onions into the mixing bowl.
She cuts up some cilantro.
She throws the cilantro into the mixing bowl.
She mixes the vegetables in the mixing bowl with the tongs.
She places the vegetable on top of some arugula on a plate.
She shows off the salad.
A woman in an outdoor environment teaches a young boy and girl how to wash clothes using a washboard and a metal bucket.
A young boy pulls on a metal lever protruding from a metal bucket with a washboard in it.
Two young girls watch as a woman in a white apron demonstrates to the boy and girl how to turn the lever and also hangs clothes on a clothes line.
The young girl begins to pull the lever while the boy helps the woman hang clothes, and then all of the children take turns operating different parts of the washboard mechanism.
A little boy shines the shoes of a person using black shoe polish and make shine with a brush and a cloth.
Then, the man pays the little boy.
A boy cleans the tennis shows of a person putting white painting.
Two workers are shown at a shop outdoors.
They are washing down cars with soap, including the Maserati's tires.
They then rinse the cars and wipe them clean.
The final product is shown as a clean, shiny italian car.
A woman is seen playing Frisbee out in a back yard with a dog and performs several tricks with the dog.
She continuously plays with several toys with the dog when another person watches on the side.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while text appears on the screen.
The man continues speaking and leads into him playing an instrument.
He pauses his playing to hold up his hand while playing again and then stopping.
A close up of leaves are shown followed by a woman raking them and speaking to the camera.
The woman continues raking while speaking to the camera back and fourth.
She shows her piles as well as the clean lawn while still speaking to the camera.
A gymnast mounts a low beam in front of a crowd.
She does bends, handsprings, and forward and back flips on the beam.
She dismounts proudly, lifting her arms into the air.
A girl knocks on a door but nobody answers.
She dances and prepares food in front of the stove with another woman.
She fights and then both girls separate.
Two men are standing at the table in arm wrestling  position.
A woman is positioning the men, holding their hands.
One man without glasses is bending on the side to with his weight.
The man with glass put down the other man's hand and won.
A small group of children are seen playing hand games with one another and finally hitting the loser on the head with a bottle.
The kids continue to play the hand game with one another that leads into the beating another with a bottle.
A closeup of a bike is shown followed by a person unscrewing the handles on the bike and adjusting the sides.
The person then screwed it a light in front of the handlebars and holds them in place.
A male gymast prepares to mount a beam.
He jumps up, doing an handstand on the bar.
He then spins and flips several times.
He dismounts, throwing his arms up in the air.
We see an opening screen a map and still images.
Men hammering roof tiles on a panel of roof inside.
We see a title screen.
We see a man tap a hook into the wood.
We see a title screen again.
We see the men working on roofs.
We see two screens with men working on roofs side by side.
We see the ending title screens.
The credits of the clip are shown.
A person rides a dirt bike over a hill or dirt pile with help from an incline structure.
A person stands, shakes their head and leaves on a dirt bike.
Two guys sit on their dirt bike and discuss.
One guy uses his rear tire to cause dirt to spray.
The credits of the video are shown.
A man in a yellow shirt has his hands behind his head.
He is running down a track and throwing a javelin.
He trips and falls forward.
A shot of the field is shows with many people walking on it.
The man in yellow shirt is bouncing the ball on the paddle.
The player almost hit the ball with the paddle.
Two player as pushing each other.
A man in white uniform is standing at the kitchen counter.
The man pull out a knife and sharpener, he touched the edge of the knife.
The man hold the metal knife sharpener and slowly sharpen the knife from side to side.
The man use different types of tools to sharpen the knife such as machine and water stone.
A woman's hand is shown wiping a glass screen followed by various objects sitting on a table.
The woman sprays the glass and follows the object down the glass.
She does this several times and shows where to plug in and how to use the tool.
Several individuals are shown playing volleyball in a gymnasium from the right side of the net while other people are engaging in other activity in the background.
The camera pans left to show the team on the left side of the net.
The camera returns to the team on the right side.
The woman is shown putting her feet into her shoes while they are tied.
But after a few minutes of her lifting her feet off of the ground, she takes them off without using her hands.
Then she bends down to turn the camera off.
A close up of a pool table is seen followed by a man hitting a ball.
Another man steps up with the pool stick to aim his shot and hits the balls.
The men take turns back and fourth playing pool until one wins and the camera pans to a man watching.
A young child is seen holding an ice cream cone and speaking to the camera while smiling.
She speaks to the camera man holding a doll in the other hand, then sits down on the ground.
A guy gets ready to lift weight.
The guy lifts the weight.
The guy dance around and then leaves the stage.
A man carries a box into the stage.
A group of elderly people are meeting in a park.
They talk and do yoga together.
They perform several yoga moves with the help of an instructor.
They then say goodbye and go on their way.
A young man is helping a young woman swing at a soccer pinata.
They are on an outdoor green field at a school or community center.
She keeps missing the pinata while her friends try to help her out.
An adult is controlling the pinata trying to keep her from hitting it.
She finally ends up finding where it generally is while her friends laugh at her and continue to try to help.
She gets hit by the pinata and ends up being unsuccessful.
A woman behind a bar is showing how to make a mixed drink.
A series of shots appear with a person pouring alcohol into a martini glass and then the screen fades into the video title screen showing a website name, the name of the drink they are making and the person who will be making it.
A website address is shown at the bottom of the screen.
A girl standing behind the bar explains what ingredients she is using for the drink, the amounts she is using, and mixes them all together in a glass and presents the drink.
The camera zooms in on the drink and fades to black to end the video.
This video shows how to make a microwaved cake using Ganache frosting.
First the woman adds 1 cup of sugar to 1/4 cup of vegetable oil and she puts it in a mixing bowl.
then she mixes the sugar until it dissolves and he adds 1 whole cup of milk along with two teaspoons of lemon juice.
Next she adds 1 teaspoon of vanilla extract and she mixes everything up, then she adds 1 1/4 cups of all purpose flour along with 1/4 cup of unsweetened cocoa powder and salt.
Then she adds baking powder and baking soda and she whisks it until smooth.
Finally, she pours the mix into a microwavable safe dish and it's done.
She then let's the cake stand for 15 minutes.
A man is seen talking to the camera and presents his knife and sharpener.
He then glides the knife down the sharpener and shows how other knives work with different sharpeners.
He presents the knife one last time while still speaking to the camera.
A wedding party is standing at the front of an aisle.
A pair of men playing bagpipes enter the room before the bride makes her entrance with her father.
Everyone stands to watch the procession.
The man shakes hands with the groom, and we see the couple standing at the altar, facing each other.
Several shots are shown of signs and building as well as pictures of divers.
Many people are seen speaking to the camera while taking turns diving off a board.
More clips are shown of people diving and waving to the camera as well as speaking to one another and holding up a score.
A dog groomer brushes the coat of a dog with a brush that is sitting on a table.
The brushes are seen by themselves up close.
The groomer holds up the brush to view it close up.
The groomer removes hair from the brush and puts it into a pile.
Several men and women are outside on a silver adult monkey bars climbing across it.
After they all finish,the people get off and run back to do another set on the monkey bars.
In the distance,more people are coming from the trail and a young boy is shown going across the bars before a group of images of them doing different activities are shown.
A man is seen riding in on a horse while swinging a rope and grabbing a calf.
The person ties up the calf while others ride in on horses and the men untie the animal.
We see people playing water polo in a pool.
A man in the rear on the right throws the ball to a player closer to the goal.
That player then throws the ball across to a man on the left.
A man grabs the ball and throws it in the goal.
A man on a horse goes through a rodeo fence.
He dismounts, roping and tying a calf.
When he is done, he walks back to his horse and gets back on.
People are riding horses along a dirt trail.
They are crossing a river of water on the horses.
They continue on their ride on the horses.
A little boy is in the house playing in his shirt and diaper.
He has a little hockey stick and he is using it to swing at a rolling back.
The ball keeps coming toward him and he keeps swinging trying to hit it.
He is having a lot of fun and staying entertained  playing inside alone.
A woman is sitting down in a chair with a woman standing behind her.
The woman begins to brush the woman's hair.
She starts to braid the hair.
People are sitting on exercise bikes and working out.
A woman puts something on the side of the leg of a man working out.
