They go into a bar and throw a ball into a girls drink starting a beer pong war.
He wakes up in his dorm and then click on his ipad to start a beer pong championship.
People are seen walking in the forest carrying tubes and lead into them sitting in the water.
More people climb into the water and sit on top of their tubes.
Several close ups are seen of the people riding on the tubes as well as swimming in the water.
There's a young boy standing in his kitchen with a jug of water, some lemons and some apples behind him on the counter.
He is pointing to the lemons.
His mother comes and helps him squeeze the juice out of the lemons.
Both the mother and son use a lemon juicer to squeeze the juice and add it to the jug of water.
The mother makes sure that all the juice is properly squeezed out of the lemons, so she uses her hands.
Then she adds some food coloring to the lemonade and stirs it well.
She then pours the lemonade in a glass with ice and gives it to her son.
He takes a sip of the lemonade and smiles.
A group is playing volleyball in a swimmming pool.
They bounce the ball back and forth over the net as a golden retriever joins it, hitting the ball with his nose.
There's a person walking on stilts on a sidewalk where several cars are parked.
He is demonstrating how to walk on stilts.
He is joined by two other men who also join him in the tutorial.
The man on stilts shows how fast he can run while on the stilts as well as jump high up.
While he's running on the stilts, his friend drives alongside him in a car.
The man continues to do stunts on the stilts.
A woman behind the bar talking, she has a bottle of corona.
She sucks on the bottle of a few times.
Then, she grabs it with just her mouth and holds it up chugging the beer.
She chugs and chugs until it is completely empty.
There is a fast motion video showing a family carving four pumpkins to make jack o lanterns in their kitchen.
There is a little baby sitting on the dinning table watching the others carve the pumpkins.
The two other girls are helping their parents carve the pumpkins and remove the seeds and pulp out of the pumpkin.
Alexandra Raisman from Massachusetts is seen wearing purple leotards, getting ready to do gymnastics on the horse bar.
She jumps right onto the horse bar and does some front and back flips.
Then she does some back hand springs on the horse bar.
she swiftly jumps on the horse bar while maintaining complete control over body and balance.
She does a final back flip and a front flip and then, gets off the horse bar.
The spectators cheer for her as she walks away.
man is standing in stage doing gymnastics in a competition.
man is holding a video recorder.
A montage of bullfighting is being shown.
The matador is being hit by the bull, while other matadors try to distract the bull.
Stone cold steve austin in the ring sweating profusely.
He looks over at the other wrestler breathing and sweating, they just look at each other for a while.
They open beers and bump the together, then they start throwing beers to the audience.
Then, austin rolls out of the ring and starts walking to the back.
There's a woman with a hand tattoo and red painted nails attaching and screwing a parts in the trunk of a car to attach the spare tire.
Then she places the spare tire into the metal case.
She takes the plastic dial and screws it in securely to fit the spare tire in the trunk.
She places the cover over the tire inside the trunk.
man is standing in the botom of a stairs and is cleaning the snow hil in the street a snowplow is passing and the man is cleaning the snow and doing a path.
man is standing in front of a car and is cleaning the windshield and all the windows.
There's a little boy dressed in a red shirt and blue jeans seated on a black leather recliner.
He is sitting with his hands stretched out.
A man standing next to him with a small stick is tickling the boy's hand with the stick.
The boy seems to like it and asks him to do it on his other hand too.
The man tickles the little boy's other hand too.
The boy smiles and asks for more.
A man is in his front yard going back and forth mowing his lawn.
The video then shows him mowing the lawn in a different location than the first location.
The Scottish Archery Association has gathered in their range with several people ready to participate in an event.
the participants take turns to use their bow and arrow to aim art the target board placed several feet away from them.
The archers aim their arrows and shoot at the target to aim for the bulls eye.
A man uses a trimmer to trim the leaves on a tree in a backyard, starting in the middle.
He moves to his left to continue trimming the tree.
There is a team of players playing hurling in an outdoor field.
A person named Donal Cusack explains what hurling is and what is comprises of.
The team players are playing a game of hurling with their bats as they try to hit the ball into the goal.
A shirtless man with a machete walks out into the front yard.
He starts hitting the grass repeatedly over and over cutting the grass.
Instead of using a lawnmower he is cutting the grass with a machete.
He stands right up and walks up to a patch and then starts to use the machete towards it also.
A person is talking while looking at their icy car.
He uses a tool to scrape the ice off the windshield.
He continues scraping until he can see to drive.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera and leads into her holding up various nail polishes and beginning to a set of fake nails.
She continues painting on the nails use several different colors and presents the nail to the camera in the end.
A baseball player is seen standing on a patch of dirt with another behind him.
The man then begins to hit a ball.
The man hits the ball in slow motion.
The white water polo team huddles together.
The game begins and blue scores while deep in the white defense to tie the game.
White answers with a powerful goal to grab the lead back.
Blue moves in and after a couple of passes ties the game back up.
White scores to take the lead, and blue comes right back to tie once again.
A scramble for the ball results in white gaining a 2-on-1 advantage and a goal.
They push their lead further late and put the game out of reach, winning 14-10.
The team celebrates together in the water.
The team celebrates their gold metal at the podium.
The video begins with two sumo wrestlers on a sumo stage.
There is a large crowd spectating, and a man in the center of the ring acting as referee.
The two sumo wrestlers throw a white powder into the ring.
The squat and clap their hands together, while a group of men hold flags and walk around the ring.
Two other men hold brooms as sweep up some of the powder.
The two sumo wrestlers walk out of the ring and again throw more powder.
They collide into one another and back away.
They again collide into each other and begin wrestling.
The man in black sumo shorts throws the other man out of the ring.
They bow and the loser exits the ring.
Several shots of a building are shown as well as a lake surrounded by trees.
Many people are seen riding canoes and a person's feet and legs are shown.
The people ride down the river while the camera pans in more landscapes and trees.
A man in white apron and pants stands on a ladder holding a pencil and wallpaper.
The man applies a strip of wallpaper to a wall and smooths with his hand.
The man uses a rag and then a brush to smooth out thee wall paper to the wall surface.
The painter uses a spatula and blade to trim a straight line on the wallpapers edge along the ceiling.
The man gets down from the ladder and unrolls the wallpaper to the floor.
The man continues to smooth out the lower section of the wallpaper with a brush down to the floorboard.
The man trims the lower edge of the wall paper with a blade against the floor board.
The man trims the corner of the wall paper from the ceiling down the the floor.
A bicycling competition is about to begin and the crowd is ready.
The riders start and already many fall during the first big jump.
Various highlights are shown of the riders attempting the large jumps.
Three winners are crowned at the end in a ceremony.
A young man wearing a tie die shirt is seen speaking to the camera and then shows him picking out some clothes.
He shows off his legs and then runs an electric razor down his legs shaving off the hair.
He then puts shaving cream on his legs and shaves them, finally showing off his bare legs in the end and speaking to the camera.
There's a young woman who is curling in a curling rink.
There are several other players who are also curling.
Various pictures of that same woman are being shown posing for some sort of photo shoot.
The woman seems a bit distressed about the game.
She is posing for a photo shoot with a curling rock.
A woman talks on front the blinds.
Then, the woman plays four tam-tams, she mainly plays the tam-tam on front her.
Then, the woman stops playing and smile.
a man wearing an apron is laughing over a table.
He is shown with a large bowl and several cracked eggs.
He talks to a group of people about what to do with the eggs.
He creates an omelette, then plates it.
A boy walks up to a post on a very large indoor court.
He gets himself ready, moving his arms around.
He begins to spin around very quickly.
Finally letting go and throwing the ball.
a man is talking outside in a garden.
He is holding a pocket knife in his hand.
He uses a stone to sharpen the knife for the camera.
At the bowling alley, there are a lot of people.
The little boy rolls for his turn and he strikes.
He waits for his ball to come back and gets prepared to take his next turn, it's another strike.
He takes another turn and makes another strike, everyone is congratulating and hugging him.
There's a woman in a black raincoat standing next to a wooden fence.
She is joined by a little girl wearing a polka dotted jacket who brings her some green paint.
The woman begins painting the fence with a bush.
There are several other people in the neighborhood who are seen volunteering to paint the fence with green paint.
The volunteers are being interviewed.
There are two boys dressed in Batman costumes standing there.
The volunteers continue to paint the fence.
Some people from the community gather around the parking lot.
The people continue painting the fence.
The video leads into several shots of people throwing impressive shots of balls landing into cups.
Several people are shown throwing balls into a cup and the camera showing a close up.
There are several people gathered to watch a competitive game of water polo on a sunny day.
There are two teams in an outdoor swimming pool playing against each other.
The spectators are watching and cheering for the players.
the players are playing with a yellow colored ball.
After one of the team scores a point, the fellow teammates cheer for them.
The winning team scores more points and receives applause from the crowd.
A woman is in a kitchen, talking in front of an array of sandwich fixings.
She opens the bread, and applies meat, cheese, pickles, and mustard.
She closes the sandwiches, and puts them in a heated panini press.
She removes the sandwiches as they are toasted, and plates them.
A young boy attempts to break open a pinata at his birthday party inside a garage.
Another boy nearly walks into the range of the boy's stick but is saved by an adult.
The boy continues bashing the pinata before taking a break and handing the stick to another boy.
A person is seen speaking to the camera while holding a snowboard and leads into him riding down a snowy hill.
The man continues riding the snowboard down the hill and ends with him stopping at the bottom.
Four men in sports uniforms are shown along with information about AIB.
The first man introduces himself.
The second man introduces himself.
the third man introduces himself.
Finally, the fourth man introduces himself.
The first man is then shown practicing by trying to hit targets on the wall.
The second man to introduce himself takes a turn trying to hit the targets on the wall.
The man wearing white shorts then tries the practice wall out.
And finally the man with red hair gives it a try.
The first man to practice gives a comment on his performance.
The last man to practice with red hair talks.
Info about the AIB and the upcoming game are shown.
Several cups are shown sitting on a table with a man standing behind.
The man then throws the ball into a cup and cheers.
He finally walks away from the camera.
A woman demonstrates how to properly wrap a gift from behind the counter of a gift shop.
A woman stands behind a sales counter in front of several wrapped gifts and gift wrapping materials.
Gift wrapping materials are shown sitting on the counter including gift wrap, scissors, and ribbon.
The woman talks to the camera and begins to wrap the box in gift wrapping paper using a pair of scissors to cut the gift wrapping paper and clear tape to tape the edges of the wrapping paper.
The woman then wraps the gift with final ribbon and the camera closes up on the finishes, wrapped, product.
A man walks over to the end of a table that has a bunch of red cups arranged in a triangle.
He begins to toss a ball into the cups.
The video goes to black and a graphic appears to close the clip.
A person light wood to make fire.
Then, a man blow the fire, while the person puts sticks on the nascent fire.
After, the fire starts to growth bigger and bigger while the men put sticks on top.
A very muscular shirtless man is about to arm wrestle with a man in an orange hoodie.
Another man in a yellow hoodie comes over.
They begin the match, the man in the orange hoodie looks to be struggling.
The shirtless man wins and then wrestles the man in the yellow, he wins and they all stand around talking.
A girl gymnast in red sparkly leotard is doing gymnastics on a horse bar.
She swiftly jumps and does handsprings and back flips on the horse bar.
There is a panel of judges watching her in the stadium in Nanning, China.
She continues to gracefully walk on the horse bar as she jumps and does a back flip right onto the ground and then walks away.
A woman does a karate routine with a partner and throws a bunch which is blocked twice.
The woman practices a karate chops to her partner who watches and lifts hands.
The woman throws a blow to her partner who catches it and throws her to the ground.
An introduction comes onto the screen for a video about a jump rope competition.
One person is shown doing a set of jump rope tricks.
Two people are then shown doing more jump rope tricks.
Next, four people are shown doing jump rope tricks in the gymnasium.
Next a variety of tricks are being shown done by several different people on the floor in the gymnasium.
The video then ends with the closing credits.
A woman is seen bending over a table with a tattoo artist rubbing her back from behind and grabbing a tattoo needle.
The woman then begins tattooing the back of the woman while the camera pans around from various angles.
An archery tournament begins and the montage shows the players hiding behind shields and firing back and forth.
The parents of the children are shown watching the battle.
A group of men are inside a dark club.
A man begins throwing darts at something off screen.
He repeats this many times before giving up, shrugging, and turning the camera toward the dart board.
We see that four of the darts have hit the exact same spot.
A woman knits and shows her work.
Women are knitting while sitting in a circle and talking each other.
A reporter talks in the room where the women knits.
There are several people dressed in safety vests and helmets sailing in a speed boat to go tubing in water.
They travel through the lake and arrive at a spot where they get off the boat and jump into the water with their tubes.
They get onto the yellow tubes and float along the water.
A woman in red is standing beside a table explaining some things.
she puts her hand on the christmas tree and talks some more about it.
She grabs some red ribbon and begins to tie into a bow.
She then goes to place it on to the christmas tree and continues to speak about it.
There's a man dressed in a formal attire with shirt and tie demonstrating how to make a cocktail called Pimms.
He puts some ice cubes in a talll glass and then adds some Pimms in it.
He slices some lemons and puts the lemons along with a cherry on a toothpick.
Then he puts a slice of cucumber that is cut lengthwise into the cocktail.
A male athlete prepares himself to run.
He runs with a javelin over his shoulder.
He throws it as hard as he can.
Then others do the same shortly after.
There are four people participating the BMX dirt biking competition.
They are doing incredible stunts on their bikes by jumping up high over ditches and steep terrain.
One of the bikers takes a fall after he leaps over a hilly road.
Several other bikers go in full speed over hilly terrain and steep hills.
People are gathered to watch and participate in the BMX event.
The bikers continue doing their stunts as they go over hilly terrain and hilltops.
The winners of the race are awarded trophies and certificates.
They proudly raise their trophies high up to show their accomplishment.
A globe is turning with writing in front of it.
A man throws a bowling ball into various pins.
He bounces it off of  trampoline and knocks pins down.
The throws a bowling ball off a bridge.
A woman throws the ball down at pins.
A man catches the bowling ball and throws it to pins.
A man bounces it off a car and hits pins.
Another trampoline trick is shown.
A man throws a bowling ball down a slide and a person catches it at the bottom.
A man throws a bowling ball up a hill and it rolls back down and hits pins.
Two men bounce balls off trampolines to hit pins.
A remote control car drives the bowling ball to hit pins.
Two men high five after knocking pins down.
A man standing on top of a building throws a ball down and hits pins.
Many females, some in blue shirts and some in white shirts, run around on a field playing a game.
A few people watch from the bleachers in the background.
Two referees runs about and down the field with the players.
Other players watch from the sideline near a fence.
A group of people keeping score sit at a table on the sideline.
Some of the people watching from the bleachers are standing now.
A man in a blue sweatshirt walks on the sideline.
A man is seen standing before a hedge holding onto a tool.
The man uses the tool all along the hedge while trimming the top.
He continues pushing the tool over the hedge while walking away from the camera.
The cricket team of Sri Lanka is playing against another country.
the cricketers are playing a competitive game in the field.
The Sri Lanka team is represented by the blue uniform.
The batsman scores four runs as the bowler throws an overhand ball.
The video shows different cricket matches taking place where Sri Lanka is playing against teams from different countries.
The stadium is filled with spectators cheering for the cricketers.
The match goes on full swing as the batsmen score four runs.
The fielder runs to catch the ball after the batsman hits it high, almost catching the ball to make him clean bold.
There are several swimmers standing on the tallest diving board of a swimming pool.
The divers are getting ready to dive into the pool.
One of the divers dives and jumps into the pool from a great height.
There's a shirtless man wearing denim jeans out in a forest.
He is chopping wood from a cut tree bark with a hammer.
He he hitting the chopped log of wood with all his force.
A boy and a girl are sitting behind a table.
They begin to arm wrestle on the table.
The man wins and smiles.
A dog rides on a boat with his owners.
A crab is seen crawling on the bottom of a lake.
People water ski behind a boat on a calm lake.
The person lets go of the tug rope and glides towards the shore of the lake.
The group prepare a chair on a sled with a rope on shore.
A man is pulled on a sled from the shore then on the lake.
The group removes the sled from the water and lifts it to drain the water.
The opening credits are shown for a video about bowling.
The video then shows several bowlers doing bowling tricks at a bowling alley.
A credit comes onto the screen introducing the grad finale trick.
A man throws the ball and simultaneously throws himself down the alley as well.
The closing credits then com onto the screen to end the video.
A female is outside in a sports bra and bikini bottoms walking around prepping.
She take her hair down and puts it back up in a ponytail.
She spanks her butt and stands there getting ready to start her run.
She starts her run and she jumps over the course and lands.
There is a busy restaurant by the lakeside where nearly all the tables are occupied by guests dining there.
The server fills in ice in the glasses and barista makes coffee.
The customers are busy eating their food that is served.
The bartender is mixing drinks to make various cocktails.
The barista is making latte and cappuccino.
A lady customer is seen enjoying her drinks.
Two people are demonstrating Tai Chi.
There is a garden with colorful flowers shown outside the Tai Chi school building.
The instructors wearing blue robes are showing the basic moves used in Tai Chi.
They are swaying their hands above their heads from left to right.
Then the instructor demonstrates arm strength by tapping his right arm over his extended left arm.
Both the instructors stand facing each other as they demonstrate slow and gradual hand movements.
A small group of people are seen sitting in bumper cars playing a game with one another.
The people driving around in the cars while others watch on the sides.
Another shot is shown of people playing bumper cars and crashing into one another.
A man is seen with a large pole.
A large crowd is in the stands in the background.
The man with the pole runs and throws it and then hits the ground.
The pole flies through the air and lands just past the number 85 on a field.
Several man run out to the pole.
Men are seen in the stands clapping.
The man that threw the pole is seen putting a jacket on.
Many people walk around and sit on the field.
The man is seen throwing the pole again.
A man in ski jacket on a snowboard holds onto a rope attached to a truck.
The truck starts driving and the man is pulled behind on the tow rope.
The man maneuvers to pull up parallel with the truck and alternates going back and forth behind the truck.
The man slows down before he lets go of the tow rope and comes to a stop.
A man in a light blue shirt breaks the pool balls to start the game.
He walks around the table looking for a good spot to hit.
Then he moves around the table again and makes it in again.
He finally hits the black ball in and ends the game.
A man stands in front of the camera, then starts combing his hair forward.
He then focuses on the sides and back of his hair, again combing down.
He brings the brush all around his hair, adding his left hand to swipe along.
A black male athlete run in the field then hopped and jumped and landed on the sandy field.
The athlete run around and cheered and kneel down and pray.
The athlete run and ripped his shirt off, while he reach of the woman and give her a hug and cheered.
Information about Blackjack site iis provided.
There are two people shown playing in a casino.
A representative from Blackjack is showing a casino gambling game.
He lays playing cards on the table against tokens.
There are several tokens stacked up on the table.
He is explaining how to play the gambling game to maximize one's money.
He puts more cards on the table and takes a hand to earn more tokens.
Information on how to download the app is provided on the screen.
The camera pans back to show a hotel with red lanterns in the air and crows of people standing and looking out over the beach.
A man rides a jetski in front of a large wave of dirty water.
A sailboat is being swayed by a large wave.
A lady is surfing on a large wave as a boat rides next to her filming it.
We see the boat in the water swaying again.
We see people surfing the large waves of the river.
A man does a handstand on a surfboard while surfing.
A brunette woman is smiling and talking while standing in a bathroom with just her chest up visible and a quick banner on the bottom of the screen say's her name is "Aubrey Morgan".
The woman is now standing up and with just her legs visible and wearing shorts, she's holding a razor up and showing it in different angles, and close ups, the text on the screen reads "Good Quality Razor".
The woman begins to wash her legs while still standing up, exfoliates, and then applies a thick layer of shaving cream all over her leg, fans her leg, and then begins shaving her legs from the ankle and the knee and then rinses her razor.
The woman holds up a disposable razor, then holds up a reusable razor and shows that the razor can be popped up.
The woman is standing again and is now applying lotion to her leg.
The woman is now standing with just her upper body showing and is smiling and talking.
people are moving the furniture out of the living room, even the carpet and everything.
They come in and sweep the floor and then start putting down some tarp and wood.
They are remodeling the floor from carpet to wood floors.
Once the floor is done they bring back all the furniture.
A man in a red wet suit is sitting on a float talking casually.
Next to hime are many other people on their own floats, just relaxing.
They are floating through the river passing all the green scenery.
The man in the red wet suit is leading the way.
A man in red runs jumps and flips over an obstacle.
It is done over and over in slow motion.
He then does it again for one last time.
Then finally, they begin a race on a field a man wearing black crosses the finish line first.
the word BRENMAR is in the center of the screen going around, then change to the word UNiiQU3 and Hoola Hoop.
three women wearing all black are standing holding a white hoola hoope on her hands.
a man is bending on the floor srronded by hoola hoops.
woman wearing black pants and white shirt starts dancing with a hoola hoop arond his neck.
second woman with yellow hair starts dancing two people appears and a set of dancing women appears doing tricks with a hoola hoop while the man is watching them, woman with green jacket is singing the song.
women appears in a dark room with brilliant hoola hoops dancing and doing tricks, woman with yellow hair keeps dancing alone.
There are band members talking about their concert in Canada.
They are seated on a stage as they talk about their experience about surprising a fan.
They surprise a fan who is the winner of a contest.
The band members go bowling with the surprised fan and play at the bowling alley.
After the bowling game is over, they further surprise the fan by inviting her to their concert ans sound check party.
A male gymnast dressed red and white leotards is performing on a horse bar.
He climbs up the horse bar and does backhand springs.
He continues swiftly over the horse bar as he raises his body by pushing his body weight on his arms.
He continues doing front and back hand springs.
After he's done, he gets off the bar and walks towards the judges and other contestants.
The spectators cheer for him and the judges shake hands with the gymnast.
A woman is seen walking to a swingset with a small boy and putting him on the swing.
Several women with their children are seen swinging back and fourth with one another as well as dads playing with their kids.
A pole vaulter runs up and launches himself over the bar.
The vaulter introduces his challenge to the camera, which is to make it over ten times in a row in 20 minutes.
He launches himself over 10 times successfully and easily gets under the 20 minute limit.
A man talks about a bow he is using in front of an open field.
The man shows how to use the bow by hitting a target in the field.
Several vehicles drive down a road behind the field.
Cows graze behind the road.
The man hits his last target and walks away.
A man dressed in white curling gear is participating in the sport.
He goes on the curling rink with his stick and rock.
He is playing the sport while in another location there are two musicians performing.
They are both singing as one musician is playing a guitar and the other is drumming a tambourine.
The man continues to play curling on the ice rink as he pushes the rock with his curling stick.
He is shown pictured with another young man.
He is posing for pictures with different people while holding a broomstick in his hand.
He is back in the curling rink, singing and twirling the curling stick in his hands.
A man is talking to the camera from a parking lot.
He runs down the street while continuing to talk.
He runs onto several city streets, not stopping.
A woman is doing a tutorial on how to clean a kitchen sink with baking soda, a toothbrush and cloth rag.
She first takes some baking soda on the rag and scrubs it on the sink.
Then she takes the toothbrush and dips it in the baking soda.
she brushes the toothbrush on the sink edges to clean it.
She turns on the tap and washes the baking soda off of the sink.
Then she takes some vinegar on the wash cloth and wipes the sink down with it.
A man comes onto the screen to introduce a video about him trimming trees.
He picks up a trimming saw and starts the engine.
He climbs the ladder and begins trimming the tree.
He looks back to the camera and smiles.
A man descends from a steam slope on his snowboard.
Another catches air as he flies over a snowy hill.
Another snowboarder sharply slides down a steep hill to the base.
A man in grey is shown performing some tricks in the air.
First person perspective of a snowboarder going down a hill is shown.
Another snowboarder flies down the hill, expertly cutting left and right.
Various footage of snowboarders descending large slopes is shown.
First person perspective of snowboarder with fellow rider in front of him closes the video.
A man throws a ball to his son, who catches it with a lacrosse stick.
The boy flings it back and it sails to the right of the man.
A man is riding a rowing machine in a gym.
A finger briefly covers part of the camera lens.
The man continues to row as people walk by in the gym.
A man in ski gear is standing on a snowy hill.
He and others begin skiing down the slopes, kicking up snow and traveling through tunnels.
A woman stands up and starts jump roping.
The rest of the women stand up and join her jump roping.
They do a hand stand on the ground in front of them.
A welding specialist from Tulsa Welding School is demonstrating how to weld.
He explains the techniques of welding with the help of welder wearing protective gear and mask, using the blow torch.
There are two boys playing squash in an indoor squash court.
They are playing randomly in an unstructured game where they often miss the ball.
A person is shown outside brushing snow off of a car with lights on.
The man walks around the car pushing more of the snow off and shutting the door.
A man is in the garbage and he brings out a suitcase and takes a bike out of it.
He begins to unravel the bike and start putting it all together.
He screws in some pieces and put the hand bars on using a a pocket knife.
He inflates the tires with air and finishes putting the rest together, and then he rides off.
A woman in a dress is walking up stairs.
She takes her dress off and starts dancing.
She is working out with other people on a step stool.
A logo with engine pistons is seen and a disclaimer is shown.
Two women in gym exercise pants ride on stationary bikes in a gym together.
A man is kite surfing on the edge of the board.
The camera zoom in and shows the board then zooms back out.
We see the road in the distance and see cars driving.
We see a second person kitesurfing.
There is a hookah placed on a kitchen counter.
A man wearing a black sleeveless shirt comes there and kneels down to begins smoking the hookah.
He smokes the hookah and blows out smoke.
He takes a few puffs of the hookah and exhales the smoke out.
He continues smoking by taking long puffs of the hookah and then leaves.
A tire for a bicycle spins, and a man catches it.
We see a question written on paper, then a man in a bike shop as he talks.
He demonstrates how to remove the rubber of a tire from the frame and replace it.
He then talks to the camera a little longer.
A woman braids her hair slowly.
She then ties the braids together and ties the end together.
A group of dancers in red outfits dance on stage.
A group of cheerleaders in pink stand on a field while a group in white walk up to great the coach.
A solo woman in a red blouse discusses the events in a room with lit up letters in the background.
Both teams of women line up on the field together.
Both groups of women dance together in unison with the coach leading in front.
The women in pink uniforms dance on the field.
The women in white uniforms dance on the field.
Three men playing a game of racquetball are in a court surrounded by white walls.
The man in white serves, followed by the man in the hat scoring on his serve.
The man in the yellow shorts is next and manages to take the game over, serving several times to close the video.
A young gymnastic boy gets on a bar and starts doing flips and other things.
It seems like he is being judged for a tournament.
He is on the bars doing excellent, looking awesome and having fun while doing it.
Then, he lands and poses and the audience is shown.
A mom is sitting at the top of a slide with her little baby.
She is contemplating going down for a while.
She finally slides down it with baby.
When they reach the bottom she lets him go and he starts to walk around.
A man is about to do an arm wrestling match with an older gentlemen.
The older man is struggling from the faces that he is making.
The camera's are getting all in their faces basically.
The older man wins the match and the referees and everyone start to talk.
A woman is seen talking to the camera and presenting various liquids to the camera.
She ready's the tip of a glass and dips the glass into sugar on a plate.
She pours various liquids into a mixer and shakes the mixture all together.
She pours the drink out into the glass while still speaking to the camera.
a man is seated, talking to the camera.
He is wearing a suit and tie with a colorful background.
He continues talking, using his hands as he goes.
There are several men playing Foos ball in an indoor room that has wooden panels.
They are all engrossed in the game as they hit the ball back and forth.
A large group of people are seen standing in a crowd yelling and playing a game of volleyball.
The group of girls continue to play while people cheer on the sides as well as cheerleaders.
A female is laying on her back exercising inside of a gym.
She is wearing black and pink and just looks very comfortable while she works out.
She brings her arms up and her legs up to the center of her body.
She does that repeatedly for a little while.
In Home Pet Groomers demonstrate how to groom a pet.
The person is demonstrating how the dog's hair is trimmed with electric shears at their grooming salon.
A woman with long hair paints on a large panel in time lapse video.
The woman is still painting the panel, but now with a change of clothing.
The woman is still painting the panel, but with yet another change of clothing.
The woman paints with a fourth different set of clothing.
The woman continues to paint with a fifth different set of clothing.
The woman continues to paint with a sixth different set of clothing.
A closeup of the completed picture is shown.
A group of people are outside playing a game of croquet in the yard.
One of the women in a kirt has her hand behind her back just watching them play.
The other woman is the only female playing, she take her turn and then it's back to the men.
The man in sandals hit the black ball and then it is once again the woman's turn.
The video begins with a title slide.
A woman and child are in a park with a jump rope.
The woman begins to demonstrate how to use the jump rope while the child attempts to copy her.
At one point, another woman in the background runs across the screen while jump roping.
The video ends with both women speaking to the camera and a final title sequence.
There's a man in a blue shirt using the lat pull machine in a gym.
There are a few other people running on the treadmill behind the man.
He starts off by pulling the handles of the machine and then goes back and forth to exercise.
A hair dresser is cutting a mans hair, starting at the top.
Then, he starts at the back cut and combing back there.
After that he uses some clippers to clip some of the harder areas.
Finally using the comb to style it a bit and give it finishing touches.
There are three contractors remodeling a house that is torn down for renovation.
One of the contractors is cementing a brick wall.
The other contractor is breaking an existing wall in the living room.
The entire house is under renovation with furniture and boxes lying around the house with dust.
A woman talks to the camera in a street environment while pedestrians and cars pass by.
The woman peeks out from behind a wall.
The woman looks at a laptop screen with a man.
The man applies a tattoo pattern to the woman's upper arm, with the video sometimes passing in accelerated time.
The woman shows the completed tattoo while talking to the camera.
A basketball player is seen jumping under a basketball ball net and shooting a ball continuously at the net.
She continues shooting and the video ends with various text across the screen.
A person's bare feet are shown walking up a flight of stairs.
Then different men are shown diving in slow motion off the diving board into the water.
Women and boys are also jumping, each landing in an outdoor pool.
A small group of people are seen standing along an indoor with one player kicking the ball and scoring a goal.
The audience cheers and the same shot is shown again several times and the player walking away.
Many more shots of goals are shown during the game followed by the same shot shown again in slow motion.
There are two men elbow wrestling on a table.
There are several people are watching them wrestle.
In another scene, there are two more men elbow wrestling.
There are a series of elbow wrestling events shown in the video where one man is more forceful than the other and ends up winning the wrestling game.
There are some over dramatized scenes where people are elbow wrestling and over reacting to the game.
There are also some referees seen acting as moderators in the elbow wrestling match.
A man is inside a gym with a ball.
He joins a team, playing a game of soccer.
They kick the ball back and forth on the court.
An introduction appears on the screen for a video about galloping along the beach.
Several images are shown of people riding on horseback along the beach.
The images turn into a video of several people going along the sand dunes.
The video then alternates between images and video of people enjoying the beach ride.
The video ends with text displayed showing more information about the trip.
A young man is seen looking off into the distance with lotion on his face.
He continues rubbing the lotion in while looking away from the camera.
He finishes putting in the sunscreen and looking away from the camera.
A large man is doing behind the neck shoulder presses.
He is holding his breath doing them and then he stands up and starts to walk.
He gets back on the bench and does a few more pf the shoulder presses again.
Then, he goes outside and practices spinning and throwing.
A man is speaking, he had a china cabinet behind him filled with glass product.
He begins to start to show step by step instructions on how to make a sauce .
Then in another frying pan he adds some meat and cheese while his bread is toasting.
He then adds all the ingredients on the bread and cuts it in halves and begins to eat.
We see the title card fade out.
We see two kids on a camel at a carnival.
The man leads the camel out of the pen as he smokes a cigarette.
They pass the petting zoo.
We see the mom taking pictures of the kids.
The ending card is shown.
Some kids in class are about to start arm wrestling, they get their arms in place to start.
The other kid on the side feels on one of the wrestlers muscles.
He's writing things down keeping score and what not.
The female arm wrestler wins bringing down the other guys arm.
A small group of people are seen running around an outdoor arena and playing paintball with one another.
One man runs forward and a large cloud of smoke spins around and a man waves his arms in the air while another helps.
A man is seated on a chair in a hair salon.
He is getting a haircut from a hairdresser who is wearing a blue dress.
The man is sitting with a camera in his hand.
The hairdresser finishes cutting his hair and then steps back.
A man in military uniform is standing in front of a group of soldiers.
He is playing the bagpipes while the other soldiers stand and watch him.
It may be a parade they are practicing for because they are standing and watching him on top of trailer.
Once the soldier is done with his song on the bagpipe all the soldiers clap and cheer for him.
An old man threw the yellow ball in the cup and it bounced back on the table.
The old man in black shirt threw the ball and landed on the table.
A man threw the ball back and the man in black shirt take the ball from the cup and threw it but landed outside the table.
Two men walk along the beach with their surfboards.
They enter the water and the surfer with the white board catches a wave.
White board catches another wave as the blue board opts out, more waves taken by white board are shown.
The surfer on the blue board catches a few waves.
The white board surfer is shown gliding across more waves, clearly like an expert.
There are people flying kites collectively in a huge parking lot where several cars and mini vans are parked.
There's a man in a blue striped shirt standing with another man in a brown shirt, both getting ready to fly their orange kite.
They pull the strings out of the spool and begin flying the kite.
A biker seated on a bike revs the engine.
Another biker is shown seated on a bike, making a gesture with both arms.
Scenes of various bikers failing stunt jumps are shown, with occasional crowd reaction and aftermath shots.
A young girl giving a make up tutorial.
She begins with the eye shadow.
She gets a little bit distracted and starts talking to someone else in the room.
She then finishes her other eye and laughs a little bit.
BMX biker going down a track practicing in his lane by himself.
Then there is another biker too, they're probably racing, They're going super fast down the track turning and hitting high bumps that make them go high up in the air.
The track opens again and they start another race.
Two bikers are dancing around before getting back on their bikes to get back on the track for another little race.
A child smiles at the camera.
The child practices field hockey with obstacles on the ground.
The child walks away from the camera.
People are playing baseball on a field of grass.
A person in a blue shirt falls down throwing the baseball.
The audience is dancing on the side of the field.
There are many people in bathing suits standing in a lake with motor boats behind them.
One girl wearing a bikini and holding a Coke can in her hand is rubbing sunscreen on another woman's chest.
There are some men standing in swim trunks behind them, talking to each other.
Two men that are matching each other are playing a game of racket ball.
They are in an indoor enclosed court area playing the game.
They are moving around all over the court trying to hit the ball.
The bald man begins to walk out of the court smiling.
There are two white cars that arrive in secluded area where there are warehouses.
Four men get off the car and walk towards a man wearing a mask to cover his face.
There are some people hiding behind trucks with guns in their hands.
One of the men comes out and opens fire.
He shoots his gun in the air.
That provokes the other people and a huge gun fight breaks out.
The men randomly begin shooting at each other.
During that time, one of the men get shot in the head and he collapses and falls down.
A spinning logo with a purple background then text are seen on the screen.
A woman in blue dress plays a drum set in a studio.
A 2011 dance competition in Israel is shown with a woman in gold belly dancing solo with neon lights behind her.
She turns her back to the audience to show different angles of her moves.
Finally, she artfully collapses on the floor as the song ends.
An individual stands behind a netted area.
The individual begins to swing for a hammer throw.
The individual releases the weight.
A little boy is riding in a car drinking a drink and playing with his phone.
He begins to have a conversation with an older man who is recording him in the car.
A lady talks to the camera.
We see the lady hold up bottle of witch hazel and a cotton pad and talks.
The lady holds up a bottle of lotion.
We see the lady put lotion on her face and then hold a small bottle of serum she puts on her face.
We see teh lady with makeup on talking to the camera.
A chef is mixing water and vinegar in a glass bowl and adding dried chilies to it.
Then in a blender, the chef mixes capers, garlic, anchovies and black olives along with some olive oil.
The chef mashes the ingredients into a paste.
The chef adds some garlic to oil in a saute pan and sautes it with some sun dried tomatoes.
Then adds in the olive tapenade to the pan.
The chef then chops some parsley and garlic together.
Then he adds some spaghetti to boiling salt water and cooks it.
He adds the chopped parsley to the spaghetti and mixes it well along with the olive tapenade.
A guy in the backyard is mowing the lawn on a hot and sunny day while a lady records and narrates.
He starts to go in a back and forth motion as he moves the mower.
The guy changes direction as he continues to mow.
A father and daughter are playing hop scotch on their tiled porch.
The girl is wearing a blue sleeveless shirt and shorts and the father is wearing a gray shirt and shorts.
They take turns to jump on the squares.
Then she little girl is joined by her mother who begins hopping on the squares.
She gives the daughter a high five.
then the girl begins to hop and jump across the squares.
Someone is at the bowling alley on a lane with a red ball.
He throws the ball, his foot goes up and the ball rolls to hit the pins.
Multiple people take their turns doing the same stance and everything more or less.
You never see the balls hit the pins just everyone throwing the ball.
a lot of people wearing red life jackets and are in a bus and holding rafts.
people are in water paddling in the river.
An audience watching pans out into a large track and athletes running into a pit.
Several people are shown running down the track while the audience claps and people speak to the camera.
Four guys are throwing golf balls across a table to hit plastic cups.
Two guys high five after one guy gets the golf ball into the plastic cup.
Guys point at the camera and laugh.
A guy takes the golf ball out of the cup and attempts to drink the liquid.
A guy throws a golf ball with his back toward the table, lands it inside the cup, and leaves the room.
The guys celebrate and give high fives.
A group of people are seen sitting on bikes and waiting before a track.
A bar let's go and the men ride around a long track on the bikes behind one another.
A man grabs a suitcase out of a car.
He lays down in a barber chair.
A man starts shaving his beard with a razor.
He wraps a towel around his face.
A man is seen recording a small child who is having her hair combed by a woman standing behind her.
Several people and kids watch on the side and the woman puts the girls hair into ponytails.
She speaks to the camera and cuts the girls hair when the dad puts the hair on his head and makes the kids laugh.
The woman continues cutting her hair while others watch and speaks to the camera, followed by the woman straightening the hair and showing it off in slow motion.
The girl holds her hair and screams in excitement at the camera.
People watch a gymnast perform her routine.
The gymnast stands on the side of the balance beam.
The gyjmnast mounts the beam.
The gymnast performs her routine on the beam.
The gymnast almost falls, but catches herself.
The gymnast dismounts and lands on the blue mat.
People are playing a sport on sand.
A man in a green uniform gives a high five to someone on the sidelines.
A man falls down into the sand.
A man is watching a game eating an ice cream cone.
People are sitting behind a desk laughing.
A woman is seen holding two dogs on a leash and proceeds to unhook them and let them go.
One down then does his business into a bag tied to him and runs off behind bikes.
Two girls are standing on a grass field.
One of the girls starts doing cheerleading moves.
The other girl stands next to her talking.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while brushing his hair and looking around a bathroom.
The man continues brushing his hair and begins playing with his facial hair.
The man points the camera around his head showing off his hair and smiling to the camera.
We see a man and a small boy holding a bow and arrow in a field.
The boy shoots the arrow stretches and shoots more arrows.
We see the man shoot three arrows and see the target.
We see the boy as he tries to shoot balloons on the target and misses them all.
The boy walks away and we see lady shoot two arrows and turn and kiss her hand.
We see an opening title screen.
We see a man talking.
The man wets his hands and adds soap.
We see the man wash his hands.
The man rinses his hands.
The man drys his hands and turns the water off with the paper towel.
We then see the ending credits.
A man is talking in front of a net.
He crouches down to the floor, crossing his ankles.
He then goes forward and back several times, stretching.
man is standing in a room mixing cement on a bucket.
the man grabs the mix and spread it in the floor and put white tiles.
the  man sweeps the floor and spread cement again to put the tiles in the remaining part of the room.
A person is seen standing in the middle of a circle throwing a discuss off into the distance.
The man walks back several times and is shown continuing to throw the object.
The man continues to spin around while throwing the object off into the distance.
A planter of flowers is seen in front of a home.
A roofer nails tiles into the roof beams of a home.
The construction worker slides tiles into place on a roof.
A crew of construction workers get tiles up onto a roof.
A finished tile roof is seen when the job is done.
A worker uses a spatula tool to apply grout in between tiles on the roof.
Betty Heidler competes in the Olimpic games in the women's hammer category.
Betty Haidler seems really focused and determined to go home with a prize.
Betty Heidler starts spinning and then with all the momentum tossed the hammer really far away.
Betty Heidler classified to the next round as the toss was successfull.
Someone interviews Betty Heidler and she's really happy about qualifying to the next rounds of the game.
A man seated in front of a tennis net turns around and faces his opponent, with a coach and camera man looking on.
As they both rise we see that they are actually heading to a table tennis game, the table on an actual tennis court.
They being their match, one in a white tank top and green shorts, the other in an orange shirt and white shorts.
They hit back and forth for some time, the enjoyment of the game seeming more important the winning, and they slap hands at the conclusion.
A man is standing on an open field outdoors.
He uses an archery set to pull back and arrow at a flying disc.
He hits the discs with the arrow every time.
A young girl is shown swinging back and fourth on a swingset and smiling into the camera.
She continues going back and fourth while the camera captures her yelling at the camera.
We see a boy squatting in the dirt.
We then see the title screen.
The little boy attempts to make a campfire using a flint.
Small flames start and grow.
The boy stands up next to his fire.
We see 2 title cards about starting fires for survival and the website is show before the end screens.
A close up of a horse is seen standing in a fenced in area.
A person is then seen brushing the horse from the side.
The person continues brushing as a close up of the horse is shown.
Several dogs are at a park.
Their owners talk about the.
Several vendors are set up in tents.
The ownders walk the dogs around.
We see a young girl gymnast talking to the camera.
We then see the title screen.
We see the girl perform flips.
The girl flips on a trampoline.
She jumps and does a split in the air.
We see the bloopers where she falls and a title screen.
We then see the ending screens.
A man is sitting down next to a desk where a fitness equipment piece is placed.
The man shows off the pedals of the equipment as well as a timer on the equipment.
A woman is seen walking on the equipment.
A man pulls the fitness equipment from under a desk.
The man is seen by the desk again, talking about the fitness equipment.
A dog is close to the camera, play fighting with another dog.
They jump off a man's lap, then back on again as they continue to play.
The man puts his glasses back on as the dogs calm down and lie down on his lap.
A man is surf boarding in the ocean on a blue surf board.
The water looks greenish blue as the surfer surfs through big waves.
The man is surfing near a beach by some hotels.
The surfer continues to surf through tall waves without falling off.
The person is riding a blue single raft.
The man is paddling through the strong current of water.
The man fell in the small falls.
A camera shows a person's feet riding down a snow mountain while spinning around in circles.
The person continues spinning down the hill while a large crowd watches on the side and a young boy jumps up at the bottom.
A couple wheels a small wagon and cooler in a park area.
Sticks are collected then a ring of stones is construct with the sticks stacked together with twigs inside.
The bundle of woods is lit on fire and more sticks are added to keep it going.
The man sits down in a lawn chair and enjoys the day.
The man screws a nozzle onto a propane tank and fuels the fire with it.
The fire is put out with a bucket of water and covered in earth.
A close up of a landscape is shown followed by a woman climbing up a rock on it's side.
The woman continues climbing and ends with her reaching the top and throwing her arms up.
A grey bunny is standing on a bed on a black towel eating something in his hand.
As he eats,the bunny begins to grabs his ears and shakes its head.
Struggling more,the bunny bends down and keeps eating something before looking out.
A man is seen solving a rubix cube was another sits beside him and watches.
He solves the puzzle and puts it down on the table then smiles at the camera.
A man plays a saxophone while facing the camera.
The man finishes playing and smiles at his instrument.
A screen appears with a snowy mountain with pine trees and an overlay on the screen of a logo and words that say "Efficient Hot Waxing Tips Reduces time material waste, cost and mess".
A pair of skis are in a workshop and a man is doing some work on them that included rounds rubbing wax on the skis, ironing the skis, scraping skis while words on the bottom appear throughout the entire process as it explains what is being done.
The man is now sharpening the edges of a file then begins to scrape the skis, then finishes up by ironing it with different clothes between the iron and skis.
The outro screen appears and it's the exact picture like the intro but the words now say "Checkout our video Scraping & Brushing" and it also includes the company logo.
woman is standing in front of the camera in a white room playing with her hair.
woman is sitting in a shair and a woman behind her start grabbing a small section of he hair doing a braid and anchoring it with a bobby pin and decorating it with hair pins.
A person brush the teeth of a dog while holding the back neck.
After, she taps the chest of the dog and put toothpaste on the brush and continue brushing the dog's teeth.
After, the person tap again the the chest, put toothpaste on the brush and brush the dog's teeth.
When the person finish to brush, she kiss the dog.
A man scuffs a shoe in the street while another person sits and watches.
She talks to the man and moves her hands to follow his movement.
People sit at a black jack table.
A man sits behind the table dealing the cards.
A man cashes in chips with the dealer.
A person opens a door and walks inside a kitchen.
A woman sits on a kitchen counter shaving her legs in a sink.
An intro that's a blue screen with white words that read "MegaZip Sentosa dot Singapore dot November 2010" appear on the screen.
Four people appear near a railing where they are all attached to harnesses.
A man puts his hand on the woman's shoulder and guides her to the opening where she is to leave but a blue screen appears with the white words say "yes",then it goes back to the woman getting ready to jump and she bends her knees and a blue screen appears and say's "no", and she shakes her head and backs away.
A blue screen appears again and it says "OK Maybe"and the woman once again gets ready to jump at the opening and at the same time the other man who is attached to the harness is also ready to go.
A blue screen appears that say's "no" but the woman and the man do let go and they go zip lining across the heavily tree green forest below and a blue screen appears again and say's "I Think She Said Yes?".
A new group is now harnessed and they are filmed taking their turns going down the zip line and the man holding the camera turns it to himself to reveal a close up shot of his smiling face as well as the scenery around him which include the forest below them and the beach at the ending point.
They reach the end of the zip line and the worker begins to pull them to the landing point where a close up of the worker appears and he also has a big smile on his face while he other zip liners are standing there and smiling as well.
The view changes to ground view and it shows what the zip liners look like from the ground.
The blue outro appears and the words "Sentosa MegaZip November 2010 The End" are displayed.
A group of small children are on a playground.
They take turns hopping across a game of hopscotch drawn on the sidewalk.
They continue taking turns over and over.
A camera pans over a roof and shows several people working and a man being interviewed.
A man sprays down a roof and shows the product used several times and the top of the roof.
Another man is interviewed and shows more men working on the roof.
A girl is getting her nose pierced.
The nose is cleaned before the piercing.
She talks to the camera.
The man pierces her nose.
A lot of men are standing outdoors on a dirt field and there are two teams standing along a rope while a lot of people are standing around watching them.
The men wearing yellow and blue shirts pick up the rope and are getting in position to play tug o war.
Suddenly the men start pulling on the rope as other men are instructing them and the spectators are cheering.
The men in the yellow and blue shirts are easily pulling the rope and they have won while the people around them cheer.
A small group of girls are seen huddled up and begin moving around the field.
More women are seen running around the large field playing field hockey.
The girls continue to play against one another and end by waling away.
Dark nights are shown with lightning flashing through the sky.
After,the video begins and several people are shown on a large boat sailing in the water.
The weather begins to turn nasty and the people have to hold on for dear life so they won't die.
In one instance,the boat begins to tip to the side and the people jump in joy that it didn't tip over as the horrid weather continues.
A man is seen sitting on a park bench playing guitar with a small boy beside him.
The boy then begins playing a set of drums next to the man playing guitar.
The two continue playing with one another and stop to wave to the camera and speak to one another.
Two men are decorating a Christmas tree.
They are putting red ribbon around the tree.
A dresser is shown at the end.
People side dive into a swimming pool.
People are standing in a swimming pool.
Girls are dancing on the lawn in swim suits.
People are jumping up and down in a swimming pool with their arms around each other.
People begin playing water polo in the swimming pool.
A little girl is blowing leaves in fall outside of a house.
She pauses for a moment to get a better grasp of the leaf blower.
She walks by a little boy and continues to blow the leaves.
A man is talking to the camera while styling a woman's hair.
The man is showing various hair care products.
The man is drying the woman's hair with a blow dryer.
The man shows a hair brush.
The man hands the woman the brush and blow dryer.
The woman proceeds to dry her own hair.
The man resumes blow drying the woman's hair.
The man sprays the woman's hair with hairspray.
A row of hair care products is shown.
A logo for hair care products is shown.
We see cards sitting on table with chips.
The dealer deals more cards.
The dealer points at two cards.
The dealer turns a card over and takes the man's chips.
A group of children of varying ages slide down a blue slide in a theme park.
A group of children appear at the top of high slide.
The children then slide down the slide, with one girl's headband coming down over her eyes.
The children land and get up and run off.
A woman is seen hosting a news segment and leads into shots of people playing soccer and audience members watching.
More highlights of the game are shown as well as team mates celebrating and hugging one another.
A scoreboard and large video screen are shown.
Bikers launch down a very tall ramp onto a dirt bike track.
The bikers race around the bumpy track.
A man is helping a boy fly a kite.
A woman is standing next to them.
The kites are flying in the sky above water.
The man walks up the hill.
Video title or label are shown.
A guy gestures the peace sign.
A guy is snow board down a slope.
A group in a row wave goodbye.
People stand on the border of the diving boards and they dive while in the water.
Swimmer stand on the diving boards, then they jump spinning in the air and diving in the water.
Swimmers jump from the diving board, they spins three times in the air before to dive inn the water.
Several animated people are in the water.
Two people in scuba gear stand on the ledge of a platform while two other people watch from a platform above.
The two people in scuba gear jump in the water.
One person in scuba gear holds on to the other person in scuba gear and does something to her tank.
One person pushes the other one away.
Several people in scuba gear gather with one person still in the background.
The people in scuba gear struggle and one persons mask floats away.
A girl is pouring something into a sink.
She walks away and wipes her hands on a towel.
She pours the bowl into a bucket on the ground.
She starts wiping the floor with a towel.
She moves the bucket up to the front of the classroom and dumps it out.
A group of young men are sitting at a table with Rubik cubes in front of them.
The two boys to the right have already started and the two boys on the left are at a delay.
In eight seconds,the boy solves his cube and the boys behind them jump up and begins to congratulate him as the others continue to solve their.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera while a small fooseball table sits before her.
The woman continues speaking as she spins around the game occasionally and leads into her playing with another girl.
A woman is hosting a news segment that leads into clips of people working on the streets and protesting.
Several women are interviewed by the camera and shows more clips of people working and protesting.
There are lots of adults in the room (elderly or young) and they're all watching this girl play the clarinet.
First the girl walks to the front of the classroom as she holds her clarinet and the man who plays the piano gets up from his seat to play the piano.
Then he starts playing the piano and she plays the clarinet along with the piano, when she's done everyone claps for her.
The credits of the clip are shown.
A guy talks while gesturing.
The ingredients to make a dish is shown.
The guy puts butter, oil and dry ingredients into a pan.
The guy adds pasta to the pan.
The credits of the video are shown.
A large choppy waterfall is shown.
A man is laying on a slack line over the water.
A person is playing the guitar sitting on a rock.
There are kids bouncing in trampolines.
Several kids are jumping up and down.
The camera is very shaky.
A man and a dog is out in a field and the dog holds the frisbee between his legs and the dog jumps over the person's back and fetches the frisbee.
The game continues and the two continues to play with the frisbee while the owner puts his legs up for the dog to get.
Now,the human has four or five frisbees and starts to throw them rapidly for the dog to get.
Before an Olympic weight lifting event, a Chinese competitor is shown preparing by working out in a gym.
He then practices for the event by lifting the big Olympic sized weights.
At the competition, he picks up the weights from a squatting position before rising up and then throwing the weights down on completion.
Various successful lifts are shown and the competitor hugs his trainer.
A woman is walking down the street with two dogs.
The larger dog is holding a leash in his mouth.
The smaller dog is attached to the leash, and is essentially being led by the larger dog on the walk.
A man walks in front, leading the way.
The man uses his match to set fire to the wooden logs.
The fire is really small at first, but then it grows and gets bigger.
After a while the video ends still showing the fire created by matches and tree branches.
woman is in front of a mirror make a yawn and drinks mouthwash and spit it in the handwash and smils at the camera.
man stands in front of the mirror try to open the mouthwash bottle and drinks from it and is disgusted by it.
A man wearing glasses is seen speaking to the camera in a tattoo shop.
The man is laying on a table and waving to the camera.
He shows his outline and a man begins tattooing his leg.
A person puts on a welding helmet.
Then, the person weld a piece of metal.
Then, the person finish to weld and rise his helmet but it folds down.
A man in a black shirt is playing a harmonica.
Another man sits on a porch of a house.
A woman in a white scarf turns a lantern off.
A young blonde girl jumps outside.
She holds a jump rope and turns the jump rope in front of her.
She performs the same thing again.
She turns the jump rope once more and catches it with her feet.
She does it once more.
She turns the jump rope and completes a full jump.
She goes and does it again.
She jump ropes multiple times.
She does it again, jump roping over and over again.
She speaks to the camera.
A man is on the beach with a bike.
He sands down his surfboard.
He goes surfing in the water.
A person sitting in a canoe is slowly streaming down a river.
A shot of a bird is seen off in the distance, as well as another bird.
The canoe keeps floating while various bird are shown sitting in the water as well as the trees.
A man in the front yard showing how to mow the lawn.
He first moves all the debris out of the way so that nothing gets caught in the mower before mowing.
Then he uses a stethoscope to listen to the mower while he puts oil in it.
He suggest that you finish mowing by sunset and if you are using a pushing mower you should keep your back striaght and arms bent.
A man stands in a room wearing blue.
He is applying a picture to the wall.
He uses a tool to smooth it out.
He cuts the paper at the bottom.
A little boy is shown swinging on a swing on the public playground.
He swings high into the air as someone pushes him.
The boy smiles and talks to the person with the camera.
A black screen with white zooming text of a girls performance on the uneven bars.
A gymnast strides to the uneven bars jumps off a board and grabs on to the bars and goes through her routine.
There is text that appears on the screen describing what she has to do.
She ends her routine and lands on the mat as the crowd cheers.
A black screen with white text appears followed by the gymnasts score.
A person is seen holding up a stick followed by several clips of people throwing a javelin.
More shots are shown of athletes throwing the javelin great distances while screaming each time after their throw.
We see three separate intro screens.
We see a man making shots in hockey with title screens in between.
A man shoots a shot at hockey and makes it and we see a slow motion recap.
The man takes another shot and makes it and we see a recap of that as well.
We see the shot from above, and a recap.
A man is seen playing a violin while the camera pans all around him moving his arms up and down.
The man continues to play while others play behind him and the violinist playing and looking at the audience.
A small child is seen climbing up a slide at a playground very slowly.
She edges her way up to the top and then slides down the slide.
We see an opening title screen.
We see 5 men walking down the street sides by side.
A man looks at the men.
A lady looks at the men.
