A woman is seen speaking to the camera and leads into clips of her leading an exercise class as well as shots of the studio.
The woman continues riding along on the exercise bike while teaching the class and continuing to speak to the camera.
This is a video for arm wrestling tips.
A screen with caption is shown describing the video.
There are two men at an arm wrestling table a man in a white t-shirt and glasses is informing on how to properly prepare for an arm wrestling match with stance, arm position, finger position, wrist placement, body position, body and arm movement.
Another black screen appears with captions.
The man in the white t-shirt shows several ways to stand during an arm wrestling match with both feet on the ground and  wrapping one leg around the arm wrestling table.
Another black screen appears with caption about finding arm wrestling clubs.
The man in the glasses while still at the arm wrestling table with the other man gives a website address and social media sites.
The screen goes black and there are credits rolling followed by a company name.
A group is playing ice hockey for fun in an indoor rink as a man speaks to the camera.
Two women sweep, fighting over the puck, as a woman talks to the camera.
A boy shows up on the screen and gets a cup of water and gargles it.
He smiles and walks off the screen for a moment.
He returns and continues gragling and laughing.
A man comes onto the screen and invites people to subscribe to his videos.
Two groups of men wearing uniforms, one with dark shirts and one with white shirts, are playing on an indoor volleyball court.
The man in the darker jersey wearing number 17 dives to the ground to save the ball.
A team member wearing a dark shirt spikes the ball but it goes out of bounds and the team with the lighter shirts cheer on while the guy who spiked the ball out of bounds bends over in disappointment.
Someone is running on the beach towards so sand castle competitions.
A dog jumps in some sand dirt and is so happy about it.
There are so many awesome and different things being made out of sand, it looks like it takes a lot of time and energy.
There are people walking around and looking at all of them.
Young boys are shown playing ping pong with one another in a large gymnasium serving one after the other.
Another boy walks up to the table and starts playing with the other boys, which then turns into a two versus two game of Ping Pong.
The boys take turns serving back and forth scoring points at random.
The boy that was first shown is playing a third game now that is being kept score of by an official and scores the first 4 points.
The boy is playing yet another tournament with a different child in Ping Pong and seems to possibly be falling behind a little in points.
A group of males are standing in a room getting dressed.
All of a sudden,plenty of women and beach activities including swimming,volleyball and drinking are shown.
Next,the man reappears but he is joined by teammates playing a game of beach soccer in a stadium surrounded by people.
One team wins and they are shown bringing home their trophy and cheering and then it goes back to showing the rest of the team competing.
An introduction comes onto the screen showing a girl who will demonstrate how she blow dries her hair.
She puts some mousse into her hand and proceeds to work it through her hair.
She takes out a brow dryer and begins to blow dry her hair from the back to the front.
She sections her hair, takes out a brush, and begins to blow dry her hair with the brush.
When she is finished, the closing credits for the video show on the screen.
A little girl is guided as she mounts a camel at a station.
A man helps her as he leads the camel around.
The girl smiles as she rides the camel around the pen.
A man talks to the camera.
The man walks towards a children's playground.
The man hangs from mounted bar type devices in the playground.
The man dismounts and walks back to the camera.
A man is sitting on a black mat in a gym.
He lays back and does crunches on the mat.
He sits up and continues talking.
A logo shows that this video is presented by Expert Village.
A man in a small blue boat discusses the topic of hand surfing in a hole and gives hints on how to perform this activity.
The man demonstrates tricks that can be done while performing this activity.
Different views around a city are seen.
A large crowd is seen cheering inside a large auditorium.
Athletes walk together through a hallway then stand on logs and chop through them in a competition.
Two athletes walk through wearing green and orange jerseys then saw through large logs in a competition.
The judge inspects the log and declares a winner to the crowds delight.
Two athletes walk through a hallway then chop an upright log in a competition.
Cheerleaders enter through a hallway then dance on stage.
Two athletes enter through a hallway then use a hand saw to cut through a log.
Two athletes enter through a hallway then place boards into a log to stand on while chopping it down.
Athletes compete in a chainsaw competition and saw through large logs before congratulating each other.
The winner is seen holding a trophy along with runners up and the crowd cheers.
A group of cheerleaders stand in a line in a large auditorium in preparation.
The group of cheerleaders does a dance routine in all dancing in unison.
Half of the group kneels on the floor and the other standing group exits to the sides.
The remaining group stands back up and does a second dance routine together.
The group of cheerleader end their routine and jump up and down before bowing to the crowd.
The bumper car ride is packed with people, already many are crashing.
A man flashes the peace sign at the camera, having a good time.
Car 9 has finally gotten going but he is crashing left and right.
A man reverses into another car behind him.
A large pile-up occurs in the middle of the track.
A man is helping a little girl go down a slide.
She goes down the slide on her belly.
She climbs up the side of the playground and goes down the slide again.
An intro appears on the screen for a video bout a man who will be playing the rums.
The man begins to play the drums as the camera records him.
He pauses and people are laughing and enjoying the music.
He pauses again and waits for a reaction from the crowd.
the camera turns to show the people that are enjoying the music.
The video ends with the closing credits.
A man wearing a white shirt is playing pool in a recreation room.
There are some other players standing besides the pool table.
The man playing pool hits the balls as he continues playing the game.
A woman with black hair is explaining something.
The woman pulls out a container with hair rolls.
The woman pulls out a bottle of shampoo.
The woman rolls her hair and pins it in place and leaves it for ten minutes.
The women removes the rolls from her hair.
The woman takes out hair spray and sprays it on her hair.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera while turning on a faucet.
She then pumps soap off and scrubs her hands.
She runs her hands under the sink and ends by drying her hands and walking out to put hand sanitizor on.
There are two body builders dressed in a black shirts demonstrating weightlifting in a gym.
One of the bodybuilders is lifting the weights while the other is explaining the correct method of doing it.
He bodybuilder lifts the weight gradually at first and then swiftly picks himself up to raise the weights.
The other bodybuilder continues to explain the weightlifting strategies that is used professionally.
A man wearing glasses is standing outside in the snow with some gadgets talking.
He brings forward the blue large shovel looking gadget, still talking and then grabs another shovel.
He throws the shovel and then walks to demonstrate how to shovel up the snow.
He continues to talk and then starts using the shovel gadget again.
He shovels piles out some piles of snow.
The video is about girls varsity water polo.
There are several girls getting ready to go to a water polo sport event.
They are holding their backpacks and gear.
They are traveling to the event together and check into a hotel.
The entire team spends time together before the event.
Two of the team members talk about their experience with the water polo event.
The team members talk about the competition and how they fared in the sport.
The screen shows all the final wins and loses in the girls varsity water polo.
A man in a green shirt throws a disc onto a field.
A man in a blue shirt throws a disc onto the field.
A man in a purple shirt throws a disc onto the field.
Girls are talking to the camera.
They are making hand motions as they talk.
They are playing rock, paper scissors.
A girl is laying on the ged as another girl puts her butt in her face.
The girl is talking to the camera again.
Several photographs of households and objects are shown followed by a man pouring liquids into a bucket.
He pours more objects into the bucket while another man swirls it around.
The man opens a box full of stone and lays down some plaster on a wall.
He pushes the stone into the wall over and over again to create a stone wall for a home.
A gymnast stands before a large crowd in an arena and puts his hands up.
He begins his routine that involves many flips and rotations.
The crowd sits silently while he does this.
He does a handstand and a series of more rotations and flips before dismounting.
He claps as the crowd cheers him on after his routine is over.
The male athlete is standing by the two poles, raised his arms up, then jumped on the poles with his arms, while under him, a man pull out a red beam.
The athlete perform his exhibition on the poles, he stand on his arms while his feet and legs are extended straight up in the air, he turns around, swirl, jumped and twist around then jumped on the mat, standing straight.
A man is speaking while standing in front of a smart car.
He gets in, continuing to talk as he shows the different component of the car, including the trunk.
The man returns to the front of the vehicle, finishing with his final words.
A woman wearing a leopard print shirt and a denim jacket is doing a tutorial on fake nails and how to use them.
She is holding a packet of the fake nails in her hand as she explains the process.
Then she demonstrates how to place the fake nails on top of her nails.
Then she takes a nail file and files the ends of the nails to smooth it.
She then uses some glue to glue the nails over her nails.
Then she clips off the excess to shorten the nails, followed by filing the nails.
She also uses some lime green nail polish and paints the nails to finish off the process and make them shiny.
A man in a blue shirt is standing in the woods explaining something.
He then shows how to set up wood for a fire.
The camera goes back to him standing.
The camera goes to the fire being started.
the camera goes back to him standing.
The camera goes back to him building a different kind of campfire.
He is standing in the woods again talking.
There's a man demonstrating how to use a hand setting tool.
He is hammering nails into a wooden bar.
He uses the tool to properly align the nails before hammering it in.
He then demonstrates how the hammering process would look without using the alignment tool.
Then he uses the alignment tool to show thew difference it makes to hammer a nail into wood when the tool is used.
Several shots of a casino are shown as well as people getting passes and walking around the inside.
The camera pans around several tables of games being played as well as slot machines and people playing with one another.
A gymnast wearing a blue outfit climes onto the a balance beam and performs a hand stand with a split in a competition in front of a huge American flag.
The gymnast proceeds on the balance beam and performs a front somersault and then three consecutive backward somersaults in a row.
The gymnast continues with her performance on the parallel bar with spin moves, jump moves and dance moves.
The gymnast prepares for the dismount at one end of the parallel bar does a forward somersault on the parallel bar and a somersault with a spin and lands the dismount perfectly.
There are several girls standing ready with their jump ropes in an indoor gym.
They are ready to compete in competition.
There are several people seated and standing that are watching the girls as they jump rope.
The girls take turns and jump rope in a relay manner.
They switch between the contestants and move from fast skipping to slower and steadier skipping.
They take turns as they skip.
After they stop, the crowd claps and cheers.
The man is plastering the wall.
The man bend over then continue to plaster the wall.
The man cover the wall with pink plaster until the whole wall is covered.
A man is seen dancing in a club and grabs onto a woman.
The man and woman then begin dancing around each other in the middle of the club.
They continue dancing around one another while other people dance beside them.
An intro shows off the products of the video.
The host shows off each product and how they help clean a shoe.
First we see the sneaker get cleaned.
A basketball shoe is cleaned next.
Some ads play to close the video.
A special effect intro screen appears, it's mainly red and contains words on it that say "How to Improve Your Volleyball Spike".
In slow motion a man is on a volleyball court demonstrating moves as white text appears as he does certain movements.
When he's done a red screen appears that include a website in white text that say's "AcuSpike dot com" and it includes a blue clip art going through it along with a white volleyball.
A woman is seen walking into frame and speaking to the camera.
She sits down on boxes while holding others up and begins laying tiles down on the floor.
She picks others up while speaking to the camera followed by vacuuming the floor and a child playing along.
A woman dressed in a black top is talking about American Grooming services for pets.
She demonstrates all the various grooming services that her company provides for pets.
There are several groomers working on dogs as they trim and shear pet hair and clip their nails.
The groomers talk about where they have graduated from and how they got hired for the job.
The video shows how different dogs are groomed by professional groomers that provide quality services.
A group of six are on a little boat sitting waiting for the whistle to blow.
Once it is blown they begin to paddle as quickly as they possibly can, working very well together.
They almost hit a wall of rocks but are able to turn in time not to and are able to continue in route.
Waves, pick up and then they do hit a different wall of rock, where they turn around at to go back.
A woman is shown holding a shot put and talking to the camera while standing in a large gym.
She demonstrates how to properly throw the tool and performs several throws to show how it's one correctly.
A lady gymnast dressed in black leotards is performing gymnastics on bars.
She flawlessly jumps on the bar and swings back and forth from one bar to another without falling off.
She successfully completes her round and jumps off of the bars.
The crowd cheers loudly as they applaud for the gymnast.
We see the title cards on blue.
We see men playing beach volleyball.
We see an interview with a man.
Two men high five each other the men all trade sides.
The ball lands on the ground.
A man kicks the ball to the other side.
A man jumps and spins in the air.
The man in gray daces as the other men jump around.
The men pose for a photo.
The title card is shown and we fade out.
A bellydancer in green begins her routine, smiling for the audience.
She is joined by two more dancers who are in red and each does their own moves before coming together.
They again break for solo performances, each dancer getting a moment to show off.
They return to dancing together and the performance ends.
A woman is seen looking off in the distance who holds onto a harmonica.
She begins playing the harmonica while looking away from the camera.
The continues playing the harmonica and stops to look down at the camera.
A boy and a girl are sitting in their living room with colorful yarn and demonstrating how to knit.
The boy is wearing a blue hoodie and the girl is wearing a white sweater with blue horizontal stripes.
The mother who is not pictured in the video is taping them demonstrate.
The boy holds the needles up and shows how he uses the yarn to knit.
A young boy is seen sitting in a chair looking away with others walking by.
The man then takes a sip of a drink and makes a funny face.
An intro shows off a hedge trimmer.
A woman beings to speak about the hedge trimmer.
The product is shown in action, trimming a bush.
The woman shows off the blade, and charger.
We see the product in use again.
The woman shows the comfort grip.
The woman talks about how to order the product.
A graphic introduces the hand car wash video.
The car is washed first gently with soap.
Next, the tires are soaped and washed thoroughly.
After that, the car's engine is steam cleaned.
A final spot free rinse is applied and the car is dried.
An introduction animation is shown with the title of video.
A female coach in sweats gives instructions to a group of students in a gym for a physical activity by acting out the routine.
The students mimic the instructors motions.
The coach points to different areas of the gym and individual groups of students.
A student in black shorts runs across the gym.
A group of students plays rock paper sissor.
Students run around the perimeter of the gym to different stations.
A student wearing a hat sits on the bench and looks sick.
A animated page shows credits for the video.
There is a man nodding in the first frame.
The video movies to the man putting up the wall paper by first measuring it out, lining up the pattern and putting it up on the wall.
He then unscrews a light switch and pulls it out just a little, making some slits in the fabric or paper, then putting the light switch back over the new wall paper.
The camera shows wall paper in a finished room, going over different rooms with different wall papers.
The man is later seen measuring and marking the wall, rolling out more wall paper and putting it up on the wall.
Then it shows two tables that look like they have also been wall papered.
man is standing in a racetrack and is running to make a jump and people is standing around him.
man is sitting in a room talking to the camera.
man is running in a racetrack and jumping in the dust and man is sitting in a room talking.
players are running playing american football and spectators are in the terraces.
old man is talking in the room and the man in the race track is running and practicing the jump.
woman is talking in news talking about a los angeles baseball player.
me are in a street court playing dodgeball wearing dodgers uniform, people are watching the game and cars are passing by in the street.
men wearing dodgers uniform are shown in pictures in a baseball field people on the terraces and the woman on the news talking about them.
A man in a snow jacket is seated in a ski lift.
A man in yellow jacket holds a rubber inter tube with a rope and a child in ski clothes sits down inside.
The man pushes the child down a ski slope.
The child goes down a set of hills on the intertube.
A woman attempts to stop the child then retrieves his intertube.
A group of young girls and boy pull intertubes up a hill.
A child in green jacket gets into an intertube.
The child is pushed down the ski slope and sleds to the bottom.
A woman in grey sweatshirt retrieves the intertube at the bottom of the slope.
A boy in green jacket is pushed down the ski slope.
A woman an grey sweatshirt retrieves the intertube at the bottom of the slope.
A man in white shirt and white shorts is holding a croquet bat, he is bending over and swing the bat slowly in the air before hitting the blue ball.
The ball went flying passing the ball in a small rectangular holes, and hit the ground.
A chef in the kitchen wearing a chef hat is giving instructions on how to sharpen a knife.
He brings the knife to a sharpener and begins slowly to demonstrate.
He picks up the sharpening tool and talks about what he will do next and begins to sharpen again.
Then he shows all of the pieces that come with the kit and talks about it all.
A tutorial on how to wrap a gift, first you put doe enough wrapping paper and place the gift on top of it to make sure it is a decent size.
Then, You fold one of the corners of the wrapping paper into triangles and press it out repeatedly.
You would then cut the edges and tape doen the outside of the wrapping so it sticks down.
Finally, You put the gift inside of the paper and fold the paper around it nicely and tape it down and you have a pretty wrapped present.
The little girl went out of the room.
The boy get the bottle under the bed and is holding it and then drink it.
The boy went back to bed and pretend to sleep while the girl went back in the room.
A man is lifting weights in the gym.
The ball goes to the man's chest for the first time.
The man takes a break.
A play the is part of a cricket game is shown on the screen.
They players in the cricket game are shown celebrating and interacting with one another.
A replay is shown and stats are then shown on the screen.
The game continues with another play and a replay is shown of that play.
Another play is shown and a replay of that play is shown as well.
The next play is shown an the team begins to celebrate before a replay of that play is shown.
The next play is shown and then the video ends.
A woman in a parking lot is bouncing up and down with some kind of pogo stick attachments on her legs.
The woman walks around the parking lot.
The woman starts bouncing up and down while walking around.
A man walks up and talks to the woman.
The woman holds the man's hands for balance while bouncing.
A male gymnast in a blue outfit applies chalk dust to his hands.
An infographic appears, showing his name to be Danell Leyva from the USA.
He steps up to a parallel bars and waves.
He performs his routine, executing many flips and handstands.
He dismounts badly, falling over and landing on his back beside the mat.
He steps back onto the mat and briefly raises his arms.
A sign appears in a yard and a red van comes traveling down the road.
After,a man appears tubing in a trail of water underneath the bridge.
As he continues down the river,he hits a few rocks along the way and begins to bobble up and down before returning back in front of the red van.
Two people are playing badminton as someone records them with a video camera.
A guy hurts himself as the other people watching him laugh at him.
The people that were playing badminton go over and talk to other people that are sitting in lawn chairs.
The boy goes into the house as the people continue to laugh.
A person cleans an extremely dirty sink with a paper towel.
The title, TubOTowels, appears on the screen.
A lady wearing a UCA jersey is giving a tutorial on the different moves of cheer leading.
As she talks, several cheerleaders show the different poses and stretches that are often done by cheerleaders to improve flexibility.
The lady continues to explain how certain poses help in improving general flexibility in cheerleaders.
The young woman with long blonde hair is showing her wrist that has a few scars from a surgery.
Then she takes a neon green colored hula hoop and spins it around her body.
She demonstrates how to effectively use the hula hoop by holding the hoop up towards her chest.
Then she begins spinning with the hoop on her chest.
She shows how to spin the hoop and rotate the hoop around her body without dropping it down.
She continues showing how to properly rotate and spin the the hoop with her hands lowered next to her body.
Then she stops and twirls the hoop in her hand.
A woman is getting ready too bungee jump from a cable car.
She is surrounded by two men in yellow shirts.
One of the men is holding a phone camera in his hand to video tape her as she jumps.
The men begin singing to cheer and encourage her to jump.
After much hesitation, the woman finally jumps and hangs from the rope.
There is another woman in the cable car getting ready to jump down.
There is a huge crowd standing on the bridge, looking up at the cable car.
There is a woman eating ice cream from a tub and talking to the camera man.
And he tries to look into the tub, but she pulls it away.
The camera person sits down to continue talking to the woman.
She gets up and he follows her through the house as she walks into the kitchen.
She puts the rest of the ice cream in the freezer and rinses the spoon.
We see a title over an image of a car.
We see a man sitting next and talking about the car.
The man puts a brick behind his tire and grabs his supplies to change his tire.
The man loosens the bolts and jacks the car up and removes the tire.
The man puts on his spare and lowers the car to the ground.
The man puts his supplies away and drives away.
The man stops near the camera and speaks before driving off.
We see the ending title screen.
A woman stands in front of a mirror smiling and begins brushing her hair.
She continues brushing her hair and looking at herself in the mirror.
We see a series of title screens.
We see a speedboat speeding through a lake and a man jet skiing behind it.
The screen flashes black and we see more jet skiing.
We see the ending title screen.
Two people are sailing on boards out on a lake.
One person is seen sailing on their board until they fall off the board and into the water.
There are distant view shots of areas around Los Angeles, Hollywood, and surrounding areas.
A man then talks behind a table full of ingredients and cooking utensils.
The man then shows off some of his vegetables and ingredients and smells them.
He starts cooking by squeezing a lemon into a bowl of soaked vegetables.
Then, he puts onions, lemon juice, pepper, oil, which he smells, and some other vegetables on a plate.
He then shreds cheese onto a place with a shredder.
He puts the shredded cheese onto the original plate.
After, he picks some herbs and places them on a plate.
He then adds salt and more pepper to the original plate.
He then talks about a bottle of oil and adds some to the original plate.
He also adds a different type of oil to the plate.
There are then different clips and angles of the finished food plate.
We see half a cake on a form with a person hand pointing to things.
We see the person spins the cake with the cardboard above it.
A person scrapes wax paper over the cake.
We see a whole globe covered in chocolate.
A shirtless man is playing bongo drums in front of a microphone.
There are other sets of drums to his left.
To his right is a green bag and a hat situated on a table.
A bike company is showing off their bikes and how to fix them.
There is an intro of the bike company's logo.
Then a man gives a quick into talk about the bikes.
A person with gloves then shows off some tools and paste.
He then uses the tools and paste to fix the bike's handle.
The person then shows off the finished product of a fully adjustable handle.
The ending screen shows the bike company's logo again.
An introduction comes onto the screen for a video about how to play squash.
Two men are shown on a squash court playing a game of squash.
Text shows up on the screen showing the things you will need for the game.
An indication shows on the screen letting you know the different lines.
Tips for the game also show up on the screen.
At the end of the video a text box shows up with a fun fact about squash.
There two teams of men playing the game of tug of war in a gym.
There are several people seated in the gym watching them play the game.
The referee is standing next to the contestants as they continue to pull the rope harder.
The opposing team pulls harder and the team in the white ends up falling down and losing.
A man in tshirt leans on a kitchen counter next to bags of ingredients.
The man presents each separate ingredient and holds them up showing each one.
A pan of sliced sausage and peppers cooks on a stove.
A pot of soup boils.
Ingredients sit next to the stove top and are being used to prepare the food.
A bowl of sliced vegetables has the pans ingredients added in.
A bowl of colander of pasta is added into to bowl and shaken.
A bag of cheese is held up.
The man speaks up close to the camera.
Steven Richardson, a store manager, discusses the topic of tire care for vehicles with 4 wheel drive.
He explains that mismatched tires on 4 wheel drive vehicles cause wear and tear.
He recommend that all 4 tires should be replaced at the same time.
He advertises the website belletire dot com and says to use it to find a location near you.
A woman wearing exercise equipment is shown talking to the camera and pointing to several areas on her body.
She continues talking to the camera while performing several ab crunches to work your core.
She then grabs a weight in both hands as well as a cat to use as a weight for the exercise.
She bends forward and continues talking to the camera.
A woman starts brushing a horse.
She gets a pink brush and starts brushing the horse again.
She gets a black brush and continues brushing the horse.
She starts brushing the legs on the horse.
She lifts up the horses foot and cleans the bottom of the foot.
A group of friends are seated on sleds at the top of the hill.
The two friends are pushed down the hill and they slide to the bottom.
The two friends are stopped by rubber mats at the bottom of the hill.
A woman is scrubbing a white chair with a yellow sponge.
She is now pouring something onto a rag and washing a white table.
She is spray painting the chair and table she just washed.
The finished furniture is shown.
three kids are hitting a ball with a racket.
They are ducking so it doesn't hit them in their heads.
They are each taking turns hitting the ball.
Moving around all over the court trying to catch it.
There's a woman in a gray shirt and black tights and very short hair performing tricks with a small stick in her backyard by the swing.
She is juggling between two sticks in her hand and trying to catch one stick while throwing the other in the air.
An intro shot of various athletes are shown.
A man is then shown throwing a discus on a large field.
Another man is also shown doing the same with a still shot of him afterwards showing his posture and his throw in slow motion.
He is then shown walking away and feeling very confident about what he just accomplished.
There are snowflakes falling over a forest.
A man in an orange jacket snowmobiles across a snowy field.
The man snowboards down the mountain.
Two men snowmobile through the forest.
A man in a dark jacket snowboards through a route filled with trees.
The man in the orange jacket looks at the camera.
The man in the orange jacket snowmobiles down a very steep mountain.
The man in the orange jacket snowmobiles off a jump and does tricks.
The man in the orange jacket starts a fire.
The man in the dark jacket continues to ski through treacherous areas filled with trees.
A woman in a black dress is playing a bag pipe on stage.
The word "Ilbo" is in a red font and scrolls down on the left hand side of the screen.
The camera zooms into the woman's fingers.
The camera shifts to somebody playing a piano.
A band is also playing musical instruments in the background.
The camera zooms into the face of the woman playing the bag pipe.
The woman finishes playing and the audience applause.
A woman is seen sitting on stage while singing into a microphone and people sitting behind her playing instruments.
The girl continues singing with the band and ending by speaking to the audience.
A view from indoors show a nice ocean view then pans to a man on his knees on the ground as he grouts some tiles and the white words on the screen say "INSTALLING TILES WITH DITRA".
The man is then shown putting spacers in between tiles and measuring.
The man then goes to another part of the room with a white bucket and an orange cloth and is wiping down wooden floorboards.
The man is then shown pouring powder into a large white bucket, pouring water into it then mixing the contents with a hand drill.
The man is then in a corner of the room and he's applying the mixture onto the floorboards then puts down an orange material.
The man is then shown cutting the tiles with a manual hand cutter while another man is helping him by holding it, the the man holding the tile takes it away and sands it.
The man is shown once again on his hands and knees and is applying putty onto the ground or the tile, putting the tiles down, adding spacers, then measuring that it's all even with a white circular leveler.
A low view of the tiles are shown and a man is grouting, wiping tiles down and various views of the tiled room are shown.
An elderly lady in a neck brace yells at the camera in a grocery store.
The lady vacuums the floor in the store.
The lady dances to the music and pretends to play a guitar.
The lady takes off her sunglasses and talks to the camera.
We end seeing her standing in an aisle.
A small group of people are seen riding kayaks down a rough river with one person performing a flip in the water.
The person performs several more flips with the camera captures him from far away.
An individual shovels snow, but only the lower legs and shovel are visible on camera.
The individual sets aside the shovel and walks towards the camera.
The camera once again shows the individual shoveling.
girl us hanging from a pole in a roofed gym and make a jump to the land pool.
woman wwearing a red shirt is standing in front of the pole.
little girl is walking in front of he girl doing gymnastics.
A construction worker named Dave begins to show you how to grout.
He starts on the wall and begins to explain what he is doing and why he is doing.
Once the grout begins to dry he informs you that you should wipe it down with a sponge various times.
With a finer sponge you go over it again and get it out while wet so it doesn't ruin the tile and all the work you have done.
A female chef in white uniform shows a stack of baking pans in a large kitchen presenting them.
The pans are filled with pastries and loaded into the oven.
A knife is used to cut cylinder shaped dough into rounds.
A tray of potatoes is loaded into the oven and removed.
A large tray of cake is flipped over and placed on counter.
A large tray of meat is prepared then it is removed from the oven by a helper when done.
The woman chef stands behind the stack of tins and picks one up.
A group of children play hockey on a field with coaches coaching as they play.
A coach demonstrates how to block a goal inside of a interior gym in front of a group of young people.
The children then emulate the training as the camera cuts to the coach talking to the camera.
The children continue to play hockey until the screen fades.
A woman rubs her hand very well.
Then, the woman rinse her hands with water.
At the beach, a group of soccer balls lie next to a man who is kicking them at the goal, protected by a keeper.
He boots them up and off his knee before shooting wide.
He finally scores over the keeper.
His final ball is saved once again by the keeper.
A man in a black hoodie talks to the camera.
A second man in a blue hoodie walks in and talks to the camera.
The man in the black hoodie shows off a bottle of mouth wash.
The two men talk to each other.
The man in the blue hoodie pours the mouthwash in two glasses.
The two men take classes and "cheers" each other.
The two men keep the mouthwash in their mouths.
The man in the black hoodie shows off his t-shirt.
The two men show off signs that insult each other and try to make each other laugh.
The man in the blue hoodie laughs first.
The men both spit the mouthwash in the sink.
Three girls are seen standing behind a counter speaking to the camera with one spreading butter around a pan.
Another mixes ingredients into a bowl with another girl's help and the girls lick the spoon used afterwards.
They pour the mixture into a pan, put it in the oven, then shortly take it out some time after.
Frosting is then seen all over the cake and the girl's spread it around and serve pieces onto a plate, followed by them eating on in a living room.
A man is shown point to a bicycle tire and cutting a piece of wire using pliers.
He then moves to bars around and spinning the wheel followed by a stick pressing against the tire.
He pushes a tube into the tire and adjusts the wires using a device.
He tests the wheel out thoroughly and assures the bike is ready to go.
A man and a little girl are standing on a beach.
The man picks up the girl and picks up a surf board.
He goes surfing in the water with her on his back.
There are many different tiles being shown and there is wooden floors being shown.
First the man removes the baseboard, then he gets a drill and puts screws in the floor.
Then he draws lines to put tiles on the floor.
I then see him with a machine that cuts tiles in half and he puts half of a tile on the floor.
Then he smears cement onto the floor and lies the tiles on top of it.
He hammers the tiles a little to make them lie flat.
Then floor is now finished and he wipes the tiles off making them shiny.
There are two young boys, one dressed in a red shirt and the other in a striped shirt at a bowling alley.
The boy in the red shirt bowls with a large green ball and hits a strike.
He is ecstatic after his win and begins jumping with joy.
A man in black jacket holds a friend in both arms.
The friend wearing a rope puts out her arms in preparation.
The friend is thrown from the building wearing a bungee cord and swings in a wide arc over the ground below then back and forth.
A woman in black jacket sits on a ramp and is pushed down by friends.
The woman falls off the building and swings from a rope above the ground below.
A kid rides an inner tube down a big snow hill.
People stand and sit on the sides of the snow hill watching.
A teenage girl brushes her hair.
The girl looks down as if she is confused.
The girl talks to the camera.
An intro begins then shows pictures of a girl standing in the bathroom with long, straight hair.
She then begins talking to the camera while stroking her hair followed by blow drying and brushing her hair.
She then puts lotion into her hair and breaking her hair into sections.
She straightens each section of hair and smiles in the end.
An intro is shown of a woman knitting with her hands while various pictures of cats are shown in the background.
Text on how to knit appears while her hands continue moving to demonstrate how to properly knit.
A woman in white karate uniform does a demonstration of a routine on the mat for judges during event.
The woman bows and walks off the mat.
A woman in black uniform shakes hands with judges.
A woman in white uniform walks up and greets judges shaking their hands.
We see an opening title screen.
A man holds a badminton racket in a gym and talks.
The man leans to the left and holds the racket out.
The man turns to the right and shows his back to the camera.
the man talks to the camera and the man jumps back and forth across the screen.
The man talks to the camera and the man leans left one more time.
We see the closing title screen.
We see two girls one sitting the other bending over.
The bending girl stands up.
We see a person painting the sitting girls toe nails.
A group of swimmers stand ready on a platform and bend down to their feet.
Several men stand behind them when they all jump in at the same time.
The men race back and fourth doing a butterfly movement back and fourth until they all reach the end.
A child uses a mop to wash the floor of a home.
The child twist the mop to turn it over.
A man is seen standing in a large room holding up a tennis racket.
Two more people walk into frame and begin hitting the ball around the area.
The men continue to hit the ball around with tennis rackets and chase it around the room.
He grabs the long pole and begins to walk with it to the other side of the field.
Then he positions himself and does a jump and lands.
Everyone else begins to take their turns and start to run and jump also.
They practice for a while and do it for a few more times.
A large group of people are seen playing dodgeball against one another and throwing the ball back and fourth.
Many people watch the game on the sidelines as people continue to play while some fall and walk in and out of frame.
A person on the screen is showing a box containing sumo wrestling toys.
The person gives a demonstration on how to use the toys.
Next the person does several demonstrations of the sumo wrestling toy set using toys that they have made as well as toys from the set.
At the end of the video the closing credits are shown.
There are horses, and they are getting off a trailer.
They go to ride through the desert, through different portions of the desert.
A woman is seen with markings on her tongue and a person placing paper towels on her tongue.
The man then pierces the girls tongue and she looks at the camera smiling.
A man is practicing in front of a mirror in a studio while another watches.
They start taking turns in front of the mirror trying to perfect their moves.
They are doing all kinds of crazy acrobatic flips and other moves.
There is about six or seven men sitting up against the wall watching as the other flips around in the air.
Several men are playing indoor soccer.
A large crowd watches from the stands.
A man wearing yellow kicks the ball into the goal and celebrates with his team before a replay of his goal is shown.
The game continues and two men knock each other down before the red team scores a goal and a replay is shown.
The yellow team tries to score and is blocked multiple times before finally scoring and a replay of this goal is shown twice.
The game continues until the red team scores.
A man from each team kicks the ball at the goal, each man gets the ball in the net and it flies back out.
The same thing happens for one more man from each team.
When the next red team member kicks, the goalie blocks the ball.
Another man from each team scores before the goalie blocks a ball kicked by a man in yellow.
Another ball from thew red team is blocked and two men from the sidelines in suits jump up and run on to the court and shake hands with a few players.
The players celebrate some being followed by a camera.
Men in suits hand a trophy to a man in yellow and he holds it over his head with everyone in the background celebrating.
A young girl is standing in her living room holding a baton horizontal to her neck while a cat on the ground is moving about.
The girl then unbends her arm, lets the baton roll to her hands then begins to do a series of twirling the baton.
The cat below  walks in and out of the screen while she's twirling the baton and even throws it up in the air, catches it then continues to twirl it.
Some people are shown as they prepare to tube down a long snow slope.
They begin to head down the slope until they reach the end and are able to stop themselves.
After that, they get out of their tubes and begin to exit.
A black two door Audi A3 is shown and then the camera zooms in on the tires.
A finger then touches the emergency light and the lights on the car begin to flash.
Next,the truck is opened,and the person removes the spare tire and the jack.
He then lifts the car and continues to loosen the bolts on the wheel of the car.
Once loose,the wheel is removed and the spare is put on and the same actions are performed in reverse.
A gymnast is patiently waiting to start his performance.
He jumps on to the board and starts spinning really fast before he jumps off and walks around.
He take a breath and the audience claps for him before he jumps back on it and starts spinning again.
When he is done he walks down and shakes hands with all the team mates, before he gets on one last time.
An outdoor garden is seen and a man in tshirt stands in it holding a pair of sheers.
Mellons are seen throughout the garden.
The man points to the melons up against the wall and begins trimming them with his sheers throwing them to the side.
The man walks over to the outer edge of the melon plants and picks up a large vine in one hand then trims off leafs with the other hand.
The man does circular motions with his hands around his waste to demonstrate size.
A garden website is seen.
A man in jeans and tshirt rolls a paint roller in the tray.
The man applies more paint to the fence with a roller and getting more paint until he lifts the roller and is pleased.
The man gets more paint on his brush from the tray.
The man finishes painting the section of fence and then sets down his roller.
There are several people in a park participating in outdoor activities.
There is a person biking on a tight rope, trying to balance as he falls off towards the end of the rope.
There are children running around on the ground.
There's another man walking on the tight rope.
There are also many people sitting on the ground as they watch the activities.
One man continues to walk and jump and bounce on the tight rope, doing stunts as the people watch him.
There is a bicycle fallen on the ground with its wheels turning fast.
A person shows bacon on a dish, then puts mayonnaise on two pieces of bread.
Then, the person puts bacon on a bread and lettuce and tomato on the other bread, then spread peeper and form the sandwich.
Next, the person cuts the sandwich in half, then takes a half and gives a bite.
Several young men board a small powered boat on a very nice and sunny day.
The slowly back the boat out to go water skiing.
The boat leaves the dock and they're off.
After picking up speed on the powered boat, their friends jump off and have a great time.
A line of rope is thrown out for them to grab onto and it begins.
They pick up speed and a young woman is skiing on the water at a very brisk pace.
She goes back and forth and side to side in slow motion.
The friends look back to see how she is doing.
A young man is shown skiing on the water and is doing a great job.
After he is done he lets go of the line and continues to ski on the water, only to fall back.
A chef is giving detailed instructions on how to make a dish to another man in the kitchen.
The man walks around him casually and picks up a piece of one of the ingredients and eats it.
Meanwhile, the chef is putting ingredients and explaining the process of what he is doing and why into the pan.
Once the sauce he is creating starts to come together he mixes in spaghetti and blends it all together.
A female news reporter is talking in a news room.
We see several people riding on horses as a crowd watches.
The people are hitting bags with sticks as they ride.
The people are then interviewed about the game, and a man is shown shooting arrows.
The man instructs four women on cooking.
The man adds oil, onions, garlic, and peppers to a pot.
The man adds clams to the pot.
The man adds broth to the pot.
The man boils pasta in a separate pot.
The women gather around a pot to see the pasta.
The man finishes the sauce and pours it in a pot.
The man adds the pasta.
The man adds the pasta to the plate.
The women try the pasta dish.
Everyone laughs and seems happy.
The man starts calling out tickets.
The women cook the dish that the man had just taught them to make.
The man helps them and gives them pointers.
The women look anxious as they try to cook.
The waiters start serving the plates.
A woman is talking about an elliptical exercise machine specially designed for women.
Alongside her is the pro fitness expert who is demonstrating how the machine works.
He shows the buttons that need to be pressed in order to start the elliptical.
After he gets the machine started, the lady hops onto the machine and begins using the elliptical.
She continues to exercise on the machine as the fitness trainer gives her tips on how the machine will benefit her.
A man stands in a large room.
He then jumps up on beams.
He then balances himself on the beam.
He does several flips and tricks.
A cat is seen licking itself on a bed while a person continuously attempts to cut it's claws.
The person scratches the cat while it continues to lick itself and attempts again to cut it's claws.
Finally the person plays with the cat and the car continues licking.
A little girl is standing in her bathroom and demonstrating how she rinses her mouth with mouth wash.
She takes a sip of Listerine mouth was from her cup and holds it in her mouth for several seconds while her older brother video tapes her.
Another little girl walks behind her and watches her rinse.
She holds the mouth wash in her mouth for a long time and then spits it out in the sink.
A person in a green jacket walks around on the snow.
A young girl lays in a tube on the snow.
She is then pushed down the ramp.
Eventually she comes to a stop.
A girl and a dog are on the swing set.
They swing up and back down.
They swing up and back down again.
Two men are seen playing rock paper scissors with one another and hitting the person who loses.
The men continue playing this game back and fourth and rub each other's heads while others watch.
A girl is standing with a hula hoop in her hand.
The girl talks to the camera.
The girl demonstrates the hula hoop.
The girl drops the hula hoop and poses.
Three women show up on the screen doing a tribal dance in a workout studio.
One of the women does a solo performance while the music plays in the background.
The three women are shown again doing the dance on the stage while other people do the same dance in front of the stage.
The trio of women come back onto the screen and continue the dance in the studio.
They show up back on the stage doing the dance as the camera films them.
The camera goes back and forth between them doing the dance on the stage and off the stage showing different angles.
A young girl performs her gymnastics routine on the balance beam.
The young girl gets on the beam and continues her routine.
The young girl falls off the beam.
The young girl gets back on the beam and finishes her routine.
An archery competition montage video shows pitched battles taking place in fields, convention halls of hotels, indoor arenas, and warehouses.
A logo for Archery Tag appears and an ad plays for another video and subscription.
A piercing artist removes a tissue from a woman's nose and wipes part of the nose.
The woman holds piercing pliers up against a woman's nose.
She pierces a needle through the nose and holds the pliers in place.
She removes the pliers from the woman's nose.
The woman sitting down speaks.
The piercing artist touches the needle and the nose as she screws a nose ring on.
The piercing artists arranges the piercing inside the nose with some pliers.
The piercing artist touches the piercing.
The piercing artists uses a tissue to collect blood around the piercing.
A collection of artwork is seen on the wall.
The piercing artist continually uses a tissue to wipe blood from the woman's nose.
The woman stands up and waves.
A young man plays the violin on a sidewalk for people passing by in downtown area.
Two students walk by behind the musician while he plays.
The woman on the bench has turned to watch facing the man play the song.
A man drops change in the musician's cup after he plays.
There's a girl gymnast dressed in purple leotards doing flips on a horse bar in a large indoor stadium filled with spectators.
She continues doing front flips and twisting her body around on the horse bar.
She walks the entire horse bar and then finally jumps off the horse bar to successfully end her round.
As she jumps down and walks away, the crowd cheer and applaud loudly.
A man in blue gym shorts iron his clothes on an ironing board at home.
The man sits down on the floor and folds his clothes and stacks them up.
The man leaves the room and the room goes dark.
We see a title screen on black.
We then see a woman skating down a street in a city.
Cars begin to pass the lady.
The lady passes parked cars.
The lady talks as she stands in front of a building door.
She talks near a highway.
We see the ending screen on black.
woman puts butter in a bowl with sugar, and flour and mix it in a kitchen aid, adding eggs, vanilla and flour, when the mix is homogenous add chocolate chips.
the dough is molded in balls and in a tray to the oven.
A person is playing an acoustic guitar.
There is a Christmas tree behind him.
A logo with words comes onto the screen.
A man is holding a rubiks cube.
He then starts to turn it.
He stops and looks it over.
Eventually he solves it and shows his time.
A singer is shown standing on a piano on a large stage and talking into the mic while a drummer plays in the background.
He continues singing to the audience followed by jumping off the piano and dancing around the stage.
The drums continue to play and the lights flicker behind him while people shuffle other drums around the set.
The two men then begin playing the drums back to back with each other while switching between drum kits and movements.
a blond little kid with large hair sits in a table and holds a contact eye and put the contacts on his eyes.
little kid is talking to the camera and is in a table wearnig a red uniform putting contact lenses on her eyes.
A man is demonstrating how to make a three egg omelette in his kitchen.
He starts by cracking the eggs in a clear glass bowl.
He then beats the eggs well and adds some butter into the saucepan.
He pours the raw egg batter into the pan.
He lifts the pan and moves it around to shuffle the eggs.
He then tops is off with some grated cheese.
He takes a fork and slides the omelette into a white plate.
He then garnishes it with some greens on top for a healthy touch.
A woman is under water and she gracefully come up from underneath.
She later is swimming with tom and jerry very pretty and oddly.
Then a she is hanging from a hoop up above and jumps down into the water.
She does a lot of different shows involving her dancing and swimming around in the water.
There's a middle aged couple demonstrating how to do ball room dancing.
They are in a room with large mirrors on a wall and hardwood floors.
They are showing how to move the foot back and forth in rhythm while twirling their hips.
A group of people gather on a tarmac.
They board the plane before taking off, showing the runway and clouds in the sky.
They are in an airport, then driving down the road.
Finally they are riding a boat in the coean, looking at a map and chartering the waters.
They go surfing in the large waves.
An introduction comes onto the screen for a video that will show a demo of some janitorial products.
A man on the screen begins to describe a mop and bucket set that are used for cleaning floors.
He then begins to demonstrate how to use the mop and bucket set.
Next he shows the buckets close up and begins to describe how to use the buckets.
At the end of the video the closing credits are shown.
Several different intros eventually leads into two men pointing on a field and getting ready for paintball.
Then the men run throughout the field and attack each other with paintball guns.
They run through the field quickly and attack one another using the paint gun.
A girl talks stand on the sidewalk, then she walks to a hopscotch.
The girl stands on the hopscotch, then she jumps hopscotch while talking.
A person leads a large dog on a leash back and fourth on a hard wood floor.
The dog drags the woman person around behind him and looks out the door and smiles.
Three kids are climbing up a mountain with out any rope.
Then, they are hanging out in their room laughing and having fun.
They're just three best friend doing everything together, walking, shopping, relaxing and climbing mountains.
When they get to the top of the mountain they hug each other.
A man and child are sitting on a couch while the adult smokes hookah tobacco.
The child grabs it as if to smoke only to have it pulled away.
The child is then able to stick it in his own mouth but doesn't know what to do.
He ends up sticking it back into the adults mouth and the adult continues to smoke from the hookah pipe.
Two people are standing behind a counter.
One person is adding peppers to a salad.
Another person is chopping the pepper on a board.
A person is seen in several different shots performing tricks along the water while others ride around him.
The man continues to perform tricks along the water and ends with the video fading to black.
A woman with blonde hair is explaining how to make rosemary vodka lemonade.
Two jars of liquid appear.
The woman takes a sip of the liquid.
The woman prepares the liquid with herbs and sugar in a bowl.
The woman pours the liquid in a glass.
The woman pours the liquid into jars with ice.
The woman mixes the concoction.
The woman drinks the liquid in a jar.
The video ends with a view of the jars with liquid.
The credits of the clip are shown.
The lady puts contents of a bottle in her palms, and the lady rubs it on her face.
The lady makes funny faces.
The lady washes her face.
The lady towel dries her face.
The lady puts spots of white lotion on her face and rubs it in.
The lady presents a small tube product.
The credits of the video are shown.
There's a home improvement specialist demonstrating how to remove wallpaper from walls.
He starts of by preparing the space by moving furniture away from the walls and covering the furniture with plastic sheets for protection.
He also removes the window treatments from windows.
He shows how to take precautionary measures with respect to electrical wiring and switches and circuits.
Then he shows how to use fans to ventilate the room.
He takes a scour and begins to scour the wall paper.
He uses a paint roller to soak the wall paper for easy removal.
He then demonstrates how steam can be used too to loosen the wall paper.
Then he begins to slowly peel off the paper from the wall.
He re-wets the surface and uses a flat tool to remove any stubborn wall paper.
He finally uses a sponge and soap water to clean the wall to remove any residual wall paper.
He shows how to apply primer to prep the wall for painting.
Information on how to use these techniques is provided on the Lowe's company website.
An intro starts and leads to a woman standing next to a German Sheppard on a table.
A fast motion watch around of the shop occurs then shows the woman brushing the dog with several instruments.
She pets the dog a bit while continuing to brush him and talking to the camera.
There are a lot of people in an opened court area and they look to be mostly elderly people playing some kind of sport.
A man and a woman begin to walk across the court together and they stop to watch a man with a stick who hits something across the court using his stick.
Another man then walks up to the court to take his turn while the man who just had a turn moves out of his way.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera while holding onto a piece of exercise equipment with her arms.
She moves the machine back and fourth while still laughing and smiling to the camera.
This baby hits the ball and falls down.
Then he gets back up and grabs the stick to attempt hitting the ball again.
Next he falls again and gets back up while holding the stick and he grabs the ball hitting it really far.
First different kinds  pool balls are shown lined up.
Then the boy starts to play pool all by himself with the balls.
Band members in full dress stand in a yard.
They are using a rake to rake leaves.
A man walks by as they rake.
A man is showing off his motorbike.
He gives a small talk about his bike first.
Then he drives his bike on the track.
He then does quick demonstrations on how his bike moves and how it sits.
He then talks more about his bike while sitting on his bike.
He then drives around a flat dirt track while cutting a few times to his talks describing his techniques.
He ends by talking about his bike some more.
The players are running in the field with their bats.
The player in shirt is running with player in red shirt.
The two players began walking.
The host greets the video and introduces her recipe.
The ingredients list appears and the host talks about them.
The host begins to make the drink by starting a syrup.
Next lemons are sliced on a cutting board.
The many lemons are juiced one by one.
The host fills the container with ice and pours in the liquid ingredients, followed by basil and lemon slices.
The host decorates some straws and finishes her drink.
There's a brown horse tied outside a polo club.
There are several jockeys playing polo on the field in an event.
There are also several spectators standing and watching the event.
One of the polo players is trotting on the horse across the field.
Another game of polo takes place where several spectators are watching.
After the event is over, the judge hands awards to the winners.
There's a British flag flying high in the field.
An introduction graphic is seen with title.
A large empty beach is seen seen from the shore.
A bird is seen walking along the shoreline.
A group rides horses along the coast line together.
Different species of flowers are seen.
The group rides up along the bluffs.
A female rider rides near the waters edge.
The group rides through loose sand and the horses kick it up into the air.
The group rides along a dune section and through some low vegetation.
The group rides at a gallup through the water and along the beach.
The riders ride slowly and then it becomes later in the day and the sun is getting low.
The beach is seen from a distance as the sun has set.
Some women are on a boat attempting to figure out how to play shuffleboard.
The girl makes a shuffleboard ahot and the girls all begin to celebrate.
She continues to attempt make shots and act silly.
She puts down the shuffleboard stick and the video ends.
A little girl is sitting on the porch floor with her dad as he puts together a blue butterfly kite for her.
After he's done completing the kite, they go out in the open to fly the kite.
The father is holding the kite in his hand as the wind blows strongly.
The girl holds the string of the kite and begins flying the kite high up in the air.
A plume of smoke is shown going across a pair of skis.
A man is carving designs, burning them into the wood.
He then rakes an iron across the boards, setting the image.
Three men stand together wearing heavily padded clothing with suspenders.
The two men on the end strike the one in the middle below the belt and he falls to the ground in pain.
One of the men is seen from behind walking in a hallway.
The man sits on a bmx bike on the top of a ramp getting ready.
the man drops into the ramp and falls hard slamming on the bottom.
The man does tricks and jumps on the ramp riding a bike.
One of the men in purple rides through a skate board park wearing the padded suit.
Another man in grey shirt rides a skateboard on the half pipe ramp and does tricks.
The three men ride together on the large ramp in formation.
The man in purple falls and is struck in the face with his skateboard.
A man is seated on a stage.
There is a room full of people watching him.
He is playing a set of drums with his hands.
There's a man wearing a black shirt and a green bandana demonstrating how to spray paint a microfiber sofa.
He is using a red can of spray paint to demonstrate how to paints a cream colored sofa with red paint.
He continues to spray paint the back and the arm rests of the sofa.
He then places one unpainted of the seat cushions back on the sofa.
A boy in young boy drives a small tractor lawn mower around the yard of a house maneuvering around obstacles.
The boy mows over some small flowers in the grass.
A man is seen wearing a funny uniform and walking out onto a large stage while intervening to speak to the camera.
The man performs gymnastics moves around a beam in a silly manner and ends with the audience clapping and the man waving.
A video shows how to clean snow off a car.
A person folds a blue cloth, wrapping it around a snow brush neatly.
He then uses the brush to gently wipe snow off a vehicle.
The video ends with an advertisement for an auto shop.
A well attended classical concert is shown.
The composer speaks to the audience about music.
The crowd applauds and smiles.
The composer talks about music and the orchestra behind him.
One member comes out to play the saxophone for a solo as the crowd claps along.
The orchestra gradually joins in for a full performance.
The song slows and builds as the crowd joins back in with claps.
The song ends and the crowd applauds thunderously.
The saxophonist bows and returns to her seat.
Several people are seen kneeling on a beach helping a small child make sand castles.
Many people are seen walking around the beach as the boy and older woman continue to make sand castles.
A black and yellow jump rope lies on the floor while three people are in the background.
The title, "Jump Rope Steffisburg", appears on the screen while several people in green shirts run behind.
Two young women perform a somersault.
A large group of people in green shirts perform various jump rope stunts in a large gymnasium.
Someone picks up a yellow and black jump rope from the floor and walks off with it.
A man taps the top of a piano with a stick and talks to a large band sitting in front of him.
He sits down at the piano and he and the band play.
A large audience watches from near by.
The man throws the stick behind the band.
The man plays standing for a moment and then bows.
A camera zooms in out two people riding in a canoe together.
The camera moves in closer and captures the people paddling further down the river.
There's a young man wearing a blue jacket and a white shirt standing near a wall with white bathroom tiles.
He is smoking a cigarette.
He continues taking a several puffs of the cigarette as he empties the ashes of the burned cigarette on the side.
He looks a bit confused as he continues smoking the cigarette.
Someone is stroking blue paint up and down on a fence.
They put the paint brush in the paint again to gather more paint.
Then continue to proceed with painting the fence.
They do that multiple times trying to cover all of the brown.
A woman dressed in a pink tank top and gray tights is demonstrating spinning in a fitness gym.
She shows the various exercises using the bicycle.
She also shows stomach crunches and stretches while laying down on the floor.
She motivates her team to continue biking as she encourages them to go faster.
A man wearing a black shirt is demonstrating how to polish wood and other surfaces using liquid polish and a white soft cloth.
He pours some of the polish from the bottle onto the cloth and uses it to gently scrub ad rub it over the furniture and tabletop.
He uses it over various surfaces to clean and polish the surfaces of wood, vinyl and leather.
A water polo match is happening at an enclosed swimming pool.
There are a few spectators looking on from the sides of the pool, while a referee is following the actions to stay in control of the match.
It is quiet other than the young kids that are involved in the game.
They are having a great time and are very involved in what they are doing.
There's a girl wearing a brown Cheers shirt doing a demonstration on how to paint her nails.
She shows a bottle of magenta nail polish that she has already used on her nails.
Then she takes a strip of rhinestones that she meticulously places and glues on her painted fingernails.
Then she coats her nails and the rhinestones with a layer of neutral polish to secure the rhinestones.
She talks in the camera as two boys stand behind her trying to participating in the video tutorial.
An elderly man is setting up his camera and then goes off to get on his riding mower.
He appears on the left side riding down the sidewalk until he reaches his lawn.
He makes a turn and starts working through the grass, going in circles until he reaches the center of the lawn.
He then goes back and reaches a small patch of grass that he missed the first time.
He goes back through one more time making sure that he didn't miss any spots, and gets off his lawn mower to turn the camera off.
A man holds a welding device and adjusts it while showing his work area.
The welder is held over a steel plate and moved slowly.
The man pulls the welder over a copper colored piece of metal.
The man puts down his face guard and welds a spot on a piece of metal.
The man stops for a break.
The man welds a line into a piece of material.
The man holds up a hammer chisel over the bar of metal and chips off some pieces.
the man uses a wire brush to clean the metal.
The video is about Wallwik and wallpaper removal system.
It shows a woman removing wallpaper off the wall in a convenient and easy manner.
She is using a a scouring tool to scratch off the wallpaper from the wall.
Then she uses a soap solution and dips the sheet in the solution.
There's a man hanging the wet sheets on the wall.
A woman uses a sprayer on the moist sheets and sprays it on.
Then a man and woman begin peeling off the old wallpaper off of the wall.
The video shows instructions on how to use the Wallwik products.
A man with dreads is talking and getting his instruments together to make some music.
he is jamming out in the car very happily.
There is a lot of traffic and and ambulence driving by too.
He records all of the music on a laptop.
Stacy is clapping and getting pumped up and ready to perform.
She gets her pole and starts running with it and jumps onto the cushion.
Then, other women follow suit doing the same after her scoring differently.
Next is the men's turn to take their turns one by one following the women.
A computer generated game of a man, he starts spinning.
He turns around quickly and lets go of the frisbee and the refs run up to mark where it lands.
The man starts to do it again, he spins and throws again.
The score shows up on the screen before he spins and throws again and then he cheers in excitment.
Two wires are seen laid across and table with a person putting a box on top.
The person wraps the box with wires and tying a bow on top.
The person ties a candy cane with the box and shows it off to the camera.
A man wearing a black baseball hat and a black shirt is playing an acoustic guitar.
He is playing the Beatles song Yesterday on his guitar.
He plays till the entire song is over and then stops and smiles at the camera.
A woman and young boy are shown smiling and washing their hands in the sink when the woman begins washing his face.
The boy smiles with the woman washing his face and the woman dries his face off with a paper towel.
A man enters a car holding a briefcase.
Then, the man smokes a cigarette in office, and a nurse gives him papers.
After, an elegant woman smokes and then smile.
The video is about a tennis tutorial and drill by Edgar Giffenig.
There are two lady tennis players on a clay court who are demonstrating how to throw the ball up high to the partner.
The player is shuffling behind the net and turning the racquet upside down in between the shots.
Then the players demonstrate another drill as they shuffle on the tennis court in between shots and returning the balls.
The player bounces the ball back with the tip of the racquet handle.
They continue playing while demonstrating the tennis drill.
A team on the field running around playing lacrosse.
Everyone is running after each other trying to make the goal.
Everyone is running a lot trying to prevent the other team from scoring.
