An athlete performs long jump in the sand box.
Another athlete runs and jumps long over the sand box.
A woman is seen standing next to a frozen car while looking away from the camera.
The woman then begins using a scraper to scrape off the sides.
The woman continues scraping the car and looking off into the distance.
woman is standing in font of a counter and is talking to the camera.
a clean sink is shown and a woman claing the surface of water and wine with a cloth and then with an sponge.
the woman put a cleaner on a cloth and cleans the sink, then the woman is talking and a white table covers the sink.
A man and a man in green shirt is decorating the Christmas tree with his kid in gray shirt, they are putting the decorations while the woman is sitting on a chair by the tree and put the decors on the blue table.
The lady helped the man and child to hang the decor in the Christmas tree, the man handed some decorations to the lady and she put it on the tree.
The woman sat on the chair to arrange the christmas ball on the table, and helped them with the decorations.
A lady in black top put more decorations to the christmas tree.
A woman is standing and talking to the camera, as she pointed to the horse next to her.
A woman in yellow is sitting on the horse, the horse walked around the ramp.
The horse began running in circles as the older woman is watching.
A large group of people are seen walking on a stage with a man speaking to the crowd and leads into the group dancing with one another.
The people continue dancing together as the camera captures them from several angles.
A group of people are seen standing around a room with some holding onto instruments.
People are sitting at a table playing with cups.
More people are seen drumming on the side while the people continue to play with cups.
Eventually people play with a guitar and end by walking off the stage.
A man is getting his ear pierced by another individual who only has his or her hands in frame.
The second individual pushes a cart behind the first individual.
The camera focus on the first individual.
The second individual pierces the first man's other ear.
A large group of people are seen walking out onto a field with a crowd cheering behind them.
The men then begin playing a game of soccer and kicking the ball around the field.
Several shots are shown of people scoring goals as well as others celebrating and holding one another.
A group of baton twirlers are practices their routine for an upcoming competition.
The news announcer is commenting on the events.
The coach is then interviewed stating what the girls are working on.
Multiple twirlers are interviewed for their point of view on why they are working so hard.
The coach states what she loves about the process and what is most important.
The commentator announces where the competition will be help and states her name.
A person is seen in the middle of a large gymnasium jumping around with another man in the middle raising his arms up.
The person on silts then jumps over the person with their arms up as well as another.
People are running around on dirt playing soccer.
People are in an indoor arena playing soccer.
People in the stands are applauding for them.
A couple of people are on an indoor tennis court.
They lob the ball back and forth, playing a game of tennis.
They continue playing, trying to win the game.
A wrestler is hoisted on a man's shoulders.
The man throws the wrestler on a table.
The other man hollers out loud.
One of the other men stands over the injured man.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into him holding up a tool and pointing to several bushes.
The man then trims along the bush while stopping to speak to the camera and holding up the tool.
A small group of people are seen holding onto a rope and playing tug of war.
The camera pans around the other team playing with the group while others watch on the side.
The people continue playing back and fourth and end by smiling to the camera.
A woman is seated in front of a camera.
Her hair is in spiral curlers.
She demonstrates how to remove them, showing the final result.
A young woman is in a gym.
She sits on an exercise machine while speaking to the camera.
Three other people are near her, also on exercise machines.
The woman then begins to use the exercise machine.
The video ends with the woman stopping the machine and smiling at the camera.
A larger woman is seen sitting on a chair while a man wipes down her lip and puts a mark onto it.
The woman lies down and the man puts a needle into her lip creating a piercing.
The woman sits up and smiles while the man wipes down her lip and she continues speaking.
Two men are seen speaking to the camera when another walks into frame laughing and walks away.
The men continue speaking then lead into an arm wrestling match between the two.
One beats the other and flexes his arms to the camera while smiling.
A group of people are inside a gym.
They are using steppers for exercising.
They jumping and climb back and forth over the steppers.
A person is seen kneeling down on top of a roof and holding objects in place to hammer down.
The man then lays down more tile while hammering the sides and presenting the tiles to the camera.
team is in a court playing futsal, running through the court, while people is siting on stands watchin the game.
team are standing on sides charging a penalty.
people are in a roofed gym playing and waching the game.
A woman has a bandana tied around her eyes.
She uses a stick to swing at a pinata.
She hits the pinata numerous times.
An intro leads into several clips of people solving rubix cubes while a timer captures their speed on the side.
More people continue to solve the puzzle as the camera captures them from many sides.
Two men sit together at a booth and compete in an arm wrestling match.
The friends gathered around watching make challenges with the arm wrestlers after the match.
The men shake hands and talk after the match.
A female wrestler is holding another wrestler upside down.
She slams her down onto the mat, on her back.
A man is seen bent over washing his hands when another man walks out and speaks to him.
The other man then begins washing his hands with soap under the faucet while the other man watches.
He finishes washing while the other man leaves and cues to a third man walking out of the stall.
spanish letters are shown in the video.
baby kid is dancing in the top of a table wearing a white diaper in the kitchen and a woman is filming it.
There are two teams represented by the color green and color white playing lacrosse against each other in an outdoor field.
The player from the green team begins running with his stick alongside his opponent to go towards the ball.
The two team come head to head as they scramble to hit the ball in the goal.
The green team players run fast to prevent the white team from getting the ball.
The white team players try to keep up with their opponents and focus on hitting the ball in the goal.
Two players from both team come running towards each other and fight for the ball, causing one of the green team players to fall down.
They take a break to before they can restart the game as they walk towards the side of the field.
A woman walks out onto the grass.
Two small dogs follow her on leashes.
She bends down and the dogs come up to her.
A person is riding a bike down a dirt track.
A little boy wearing red is riding a small bike down the track.
A person falls down at the end.
A boy is standing next to a playground jumping rope.
A person is jumping rope on a white mat.
A man is kneeling down on the ground in front of a red table.
He gets up and starts jumping rope.
A large group of kids are seen dancing in a room followed by men moving around and laughing.
More clips are shown of people jump roping in different rooms and laughing with one another.
A drink is being poured into a glass followed by a woman grabbing a glass and pouring mixtures into it.
She creates an alcoholic drink by pouring several different mixes together and the camera zooming in on the drink.
A small group of people are seen playing a baseball game on a field and leads into several more shots of them playing.
The video continues with several clips of people hitting and catching the ball and ends with text across the screen.
A backdrop screen with paws and dog bones appear and the words in red and black appear and read "TEG's CANINE CLIPPERY Dog & Cat Grooming".
Clips of different dogs are shown getting baths, haircuts, and brushed while still shots of pictures appear between clips and they all include company name, website and phone number.
The very last screen is a picture of a dog with it's eyes closed and 2 pairs of hands blow drying it with a brush above it's head, the company name, website, phone number and address.
We see a white opening screen.
We see a man dunk a basketball wearing jump stilts.
We see another man bounce the ball and the jump stilt man dunks again.
We then see the opening screen for the closing.
A man dressed in snow gear is standing on a frozen body of water and bending over as he looks into a fish hole that his fishing pole is in.
The man pulls on his fishing pole, goes on his knees, and continues to slowly pull the fishing pole up and the camera man who had already put the camera down bends down and grabs the fish and places it onto the ice.
The man picks the camera up and angles the camera towards the fish on the ice and the man who was fishing is smiling, unhooks the fish then holds it up in the air.
A person pours different colors of paint on a surface.
Then, the woman paints flowers on the headboard of a bed.
Several people are outside with running equipment and numbers pinned to them jogging at a slow pace at what seams to be a Marathon or a 5k.
A lady dressed in all black however,seems to be the focal point throughout the video and she is walking at an extremely slow pace for the whole time.
After the crowd is shown and more people are seen running through the city or even participating in a wheel chair as the people on the side cheer them on.
A woman in white shirt is standing next to a metal sink, she take out two white plates, silver container, strainer, spoons, and placed it on the metal container next to the sink.
She then take a pan in the sink, put water, put liquid soap in a sponge, rub it on the plates, lid, container, spoons.
She wiped the counter with her hand, then placed a green basket, rinse the plates, lid, container, pan, and put them in the basket.
A fire place in a room is shown.
Windows on a house is shown.
A hardwood flooring in a house is shown.
There are paint cans sitting on the floor.
We see a man swinging in a park.
The man stands while holding onto the swing.
The man stands again and we see a little girl.
A lady tries to put the girl in the swing, but she ends up swinging alone.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and pans it back to a piano.
The man then begins playing the piano while the camera captures his movements.
He continues to play and ends by turning off the camera and looking off into the distance.
A person is walking a horse in an arena.
They begin to brush the horse's fur.
They brush the ear of the horse.
They brush the face of the horse.
Men play badminton in the sand.
A man on the left serves the birdie both men on the right miss it.
the man on the right serves and the man on the left hits it back but it hits the net.
A man stands on the left watching.
A girl is looking at the camera.
She turns around and is getting her hair brushed.
She is looking at her phone.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera and then takes her ring off to run her hands under some water.
She scrubs her hands with soap and then runs her fingers under the water.
In the end people perform a little dance with showing how to properly wash your hands.
A small group of people are seen standing around a field with a ref speaking to the people.
The players then begin a match of lacrosse with one another and run up and down the field playing.
Words are shown on the screen.
A man is talking while standing outside in front of a hill.
The man is holding a shovel standing in front of a small tree.
The man continues talking and then shovels out some weeds and dirt around the tree.
He picks up rocks from around the tree.
There is a white bucket in front of him of bark that he puts around the tree.
A man is seen bending over while taking a shoe off to wipe his feet then puts the shoe back on.
He does this to his other foot and then walks along the rocks while a man records him and others walk around.
A Caucasian male is outside holding up a skateboard.
He then goes down a winding road and comes down skateboarding and the picture is still until he slides into a trick and then it is paused again.
The routine continues and then the player stands up as  continue to go down the road.
Once he is completely finished, he goes back to where he originally started and keeps talking to the camera as he holds his skateboard in his left hand.
After, the man turns around and shows how his brown cargo shorts are patched up with duct tape.
A horse stands alone, attached to a wooden trunk.
A man approaches the horse holding two brushes in his hands and speaks for a bit.
He goes up to the horse and brushes the hair of the horse, removing the hair of the horse that attaches onto the brush.
He pauses for a bit to speak.
He goes back to removing the excess hair off the horse.
He pauses again and speaks for a while.
He returns to brushing the horse.
He stops brushing the hair and speaks.
A man runs holding a pole with both hands.
Then, she jumps high with the pole to pass over an horizontal bar.
The man falls on the mat.
Men take turns throwing darts at a dart board.
A woman in the crowd claps for them.
A man takes a drink out of a glass.
A man standing in a yard talks to the camera about his yard.
The man motions he had across the yard.
The man then mows his lawn with his mower.
The man stops and shows the electrical cord on his mower.
A close up of a sneaker is shown followed by a person turning on a faucet and letting the water run over the shoe.
The person then takes show polish and begins scrubbing the shoe with a toothbrush while still running it under the water.
The person turns off the water and presents the shoe in the sink.
People ride camels through the desert.
A person carrying a camera or luggage walks with one of the groups.
The first camel group begins walking back to the camera.
Two men play games of rock paper scissors in front of a referee.
A woman taps one of they on the back.
They play a final game and a man celebrates his victory.
A young girl and gymnast performs a gymnastic exercise on the balancing beam at a professional sports event in front of many photographers and an audience in the stands.
A young gymnast in a blue outfit stands in front of a balance beam, jumps on it and begins to perform a routine involving flips.
The girl performs several flips on the balance beam and high jumps using her arms to balance her stance before performing one final flip off of the beam and sticking the landing after which she walks hugs a coach before looking at the scoreboard and talking briefly with a man seated in a white chair.
Several shots of landscapes are shown that leads into a man and woman speaking to the camera.
The couple walk onto a sandy pit and pan around a group of players.
More people are seen speaking to the camera that shows shots of them playing volleyball and ending with the couple.
We see a lady holding the camera and blow drying her hair.
The lady sits the camera on the floor, and continues blow drying her hair.
The lady throws her hair back and picks up the phone.
A close up is shown of a mini pool table with cues and balls.
A man uses the cue to shoot the balls into the pockets.
He sits a doll on the table to show size.
He also shoots a wiffle ball on the table, and a marble.
A woman is kneeling down on a blue mat.
She grabs a while bar and holds it next to her.
She puts the bar down and picks up a kettle bell.
She lifts the kettle bell and puts it back down.
She then picks it back up and lifts it up and down several times in front of her.
A clip of the show top Gear is shown with one man sitting in a car speaking to the camera, and another speaking to the camera in a different car.
Two men speak on walkie talkies on the side and the men drive the cars into one another.
One pushes the car back and the men all get out and speak to one another.
Another car is test with the men speaking to the camera and pushes the car back while others look in disbelief.
A small group of men are seen running around a basketball court playing a game of basketball.
One player moves all around the net holding the ball and demonstrates how to properly shoot a hoop.
He bounces the ball around a bit and more shots of the people playing are shown.
We see a man run and do a high jump 6'11 and see the replay.
We then see the man jump at 6'9 and see the replay.
The man jumps at 6'11 again and we see the replay.
We see the man jump at 7'2 and we see the replay.
We see the man jump at 8'3 using a springboard and we see the replay.
Two men describe lead climbing while one man in a bright green shirt climbs a climbing wall the other man wearing a dark green shirt holds the lead line and explains the process.
The man in the dark green shirt places a strap and link to the climbing wall and loops a rope through the clip.
The man reverses the strap position and loops the rope through the strap eye link.
The man in the bright green shirt continue climbing to the top of the wall.
The man in the dark green shirt continues talking to the camera.
A woman wearing a white shirt is sitting with her black and white cat on her lap.
She is clipping the cats nails by holding the cat's paws in her hands.
She continues clipping the cat's nails one by one.
When she's done she kisses the cat.
then she begins clipping a brown cat's nails.
The cat sits calmly on her lap as she finishes clipping its nails.
it seems like they are watching on tv a game of soccer.
The station shows for what channel it is that is being watched.
The women on the court are running around trying to get the ball.
One of the women runs all the way into the goal.
A camera pans around a large gymnasium and leads into two performers walking to the middle of the stage.
The girls perform a dance routine use batons and end by holding a pose.
An indoor court is filled with people wearing uniforms and playing dodgeball throwing the balls to either side of the team.
A slow motion replay of a dodgeball being thrown and caught is replayed.
A man quickly throws a ball and his target catches it, he turns around and walks with his right up straight up in the air while the rest of the players continue to play.
A still shot picture of a man holding two balls and black words scrolling from the bottom to the top with the word and number "JARDINE 77" is at the top.
A small group of men are seen standing around a court with many people sitting and watching on the sides.
A person runs down with a pole vault and throws it off into the distance while the same clip is shown again in slow motion and another goes after.
Colorful zebra nails are shown and a colorful screen appears with colorful text that say's "Acid Zebra Nail Art by professionalDQ", and then followed by a lot of other words that include a list of supplies needed.
A still shot of six different solid colors of nail polish are shown and some are rounded bottles and some are square bottles.
The demonstration begins and it shows someone is sponge painting various colors onto a long white painted nail.
A colorful screen briefly appears with colorful text and it say's "Then added a coat of sparkle flakes Awesome",shows the bottle of sparkle nail polish, then more text appears on a colorful screen.
A black paint bottle is shown then the person paints a thin black line unto the sparkly and multi colored nail and paints them in the pattern of zebra stripes.
A colorful screen along with colorful text appears and it has instructions to "Finish with topcoat And now you're an invincible Nyan Zebra!!".
The finished nails are modeled and shown at different angles and a colorful screen with colorful letters appear and it say's "Don't forget your tail!" and then it shows the person holding a furry pink and black, long tail.
A colorful screen with colorful text appears and it say's "Thanks for watching SWOOSH!" and more still shots of the finished colorful zebra nails are displayed in different positions and angles.
A chef is seen speaking to a woman and leads into him holding knives and sharpening the sides.
He then wipes the knife with a rag and continues sharpening the knives.
A black and white image  of a man is shown and then the man appears in a field throwing a discus.
After,he continues throwing the discus and when he is finished,he is shown standing on a set of cubes as the winner.
The participants shake each other hands and they both end up walking off.
A black screen appears and the yellow words appear on them read "Extreme How-To presents".
The second black screen has yellow words that read "Installing Heated Floor Tile".
A man is now standing and talking in the corner of a residential home, dressed in a long sleeved button up black shirt, brown long pants, shoes and wearing a hat.
The man walks away from the corner and the next view is of a kneeling man using a tool to remove base molding from a wall, using a drill gun, measuring with a long ruler, then laying on the ground gray pieces of fabric with some wires attached to it.
The man is then shown pressing buttons on a little white box and the man is now pointing to those wires attached to those gray pieces of fabric and the man starts putting wires into a gray pipe that is now shown on the wall.
The man is back on the ground with a long tape measure and measuring the ground.
The man is now holding a tile with ridges on all four sides and he takes a mallet and a tool to gently pound the pieces together.
When the man reaches the wall he uses a pencil to measure the tile, takes it to a wet tile cutter and cuts it.
The man is back in the house and piecing a small tile near some cabinets, then the man begins to grout, and uses a large,wet, yellow sponge to clean up the excess grout.
The talking man from earlier appears back in the corner talking and yellow words appear on the screen that contain websites.
A teenaged boy jumps on a skateboard, skating across a street and up a driveway before going back onto the street.
He dismounts, talking as he kicks the board.
He smiles at the camera, wearing sunglasses.
First the people are all shown sitting in their cars in one long line.
Then the cars get powered on and they are able to get driven.
After the people are done driving they all get out of the cars.
The boys lacrosse team is shown working out.
They are then running drills on the gravel.
Next, the team is in a scrimmage on the field.
After that they were shown playing an actual game, running back and forth.
Lastly a few members are at a professional game.
A man is getting dressed to ski in the falling snow.
He is talking to the camera about skiing.
He is then seen going through the air, and down steep slopes as he skis.
A woman spins a young boy in circles.
The boy is holding a long stick and wearing a blindfold.
The woman stops spinning the boy and aims him at a pinata hanging from the ceiling.
The boy swings and hits the pinata once.
He then swings and misses many times.
The boy finally gives up and takes the blindfold off.
A different woman walks in and stops near the pinata.
a lot of people are sitting on terraces in a big field and people is walking in the entrance of a big stadium.
men are standing on a sandy area walking.
man are talking to the camera standing on the sand.
men are standing on motorbikes getting ready for a motocross competition.
man is talking to the camera and standing on a podium.
A small group of people are seen swimming around a pool and leads into several shots of a swimmer throwing a ball into a net.
The goalie blocks a few shots and then switches with another team mate while the audience cheers.
The people switch out continuously and leads to one team winning and celebrating all together in the water.
A small group of boys are seen standing on the edge of a pool and grab one another by the sides.
The boys then all jump into the pool together at once with some looking at the camera.
We see the title card and a pained dresser.
A lady sits on the floor and discusses painting.
The lady paints the dresser while talking about it.
We see the painted end product.
We see the end cards for the video.
The players from Brasil scores while people in the bleaches celebrate.
A Brazilian player pass the ball to his playmate who scores and runs to celebrate, other Brazilian players scores many times.
After, Brasil plays with other teems and scores many times.
Then Brasil plays with players from other countries and scores.
At the end, Brasil win the competition.
A person rides a horse in a field  kicking a ball with a curved stick.
People play polo in the field riding horses.
The man with the curved stick runs behind the other players and dispute the ball and scores.
After, the person runs behind a player with blue t-shirt to hit the ball and score.
A woman is lying down, showing off a tattoo on her side.
A man in a surgical mask is preparing her as he continues his work on the tattoo.
He cleans and wipes down the tattoo.
She is finished, showing off the final product.
Titles in bold lettering are seen on the page against still images and a dark background.
Men play a game of croquet in a grassy yard.
Men kneels down and hits the croquet ball like a billiard shot.
The man runs holding up his stick celebrating.
A man skips on the grass holding his stick smiling.
a big burguer is in a table.
woman is talking to the camera sanding i front of a wall with a lot of wallpapers.
woman grab a sandwich and spread butter in it, then put pickles, cheddar cheese, jam and pork, then se put butter on top and toast it, when the sandwich is ready is cutted in the half and its being serve in a plate.
little kid is holding a red tennis racket close to her face but then put it on the floor and jump on top.
little kid is standing in a small room playing in a Hopscotch.
the girl is grabing toys from the floor.
A females left leg and foot is in a bathtub as the lady shaves her leg.
Once she is done with the front,she turns her legs to the left and right and shaves the sides in an upward motion.
A girl is pouring ingredients into a bowl and mixing them together.
She uses a cookie cutter to cut shapes out of the dough.
She is dipping the dough into a white glaze.
A gymnast is seen swinging around on a bar doing various flips and tricks across two sets of beams.
She continues spinning around and ends with her hands up and her coach clapping.
People watch on the sides and her scores are shown in the end.
A male player in yellow and black shirt is carrying a small kid who is wearing the same shirt while they are being interviewed by the reporter who is wearing white shirt and holding a microphone.
Different teams in different uniform colors are playing soccer in the table.
Various people are seen walking around a beach leading into men tightening up a rope and bouncing on the rope.
Several people perform many tricks and jumps on the rope while others stand and watch on the side.
A small table sits atop another table.
A man enters wearing a black hoodie.
He opens a jar and pulls out something.
He then varnishes the table.
woman is in sea scubadiving and a man is behind her.
they are watching the fishes and trunks.
men are scuba diving under the sea.
A child scrubs out the kitchen sink using a brush.
The boy turns on the sink faucet.
The child uses the faucet nozzle to rinse out the sink.
The boy returns the sink nozzle to the faucet and turns off the water.
Team USA Women are in the Olympics.
Tracy,Natalie, Nicole,Allison and Debbie are group photographed in multiple scenes.
As Team USA scores,the team mates hug.
A pile of kindling flanked by rocks is shown.
The kindling is lit with a torch.
The fire is started, and we watch as it begins to burn.
A young man solves a cube puzzle while a man stand on front him.
Then, a man writes on a paper and shows the young man.
The young man solves again the puzzle is less time, and the man takes note.
After the young man solves again two times the puzzle in less time.
At the end, the young man solves the puzzle in less time than the previous times, he raises happy from his chair.
The intro is a white screen, the website on the top left,the words "Howcast original" appear and afterwards another set of words describing the lesson appear and it reads "Vibrato Beginner Violin Lessons".
A woman named Julie Artzt Becker is holding her violin is sitting and talking in front of a blue screen.
The woman puts the violin up to her chin and continues to talk.
The woman then puts her fingers onto the strings and with her other hand she touches and points on her fingers on the strings as well as taking the bow to her strings every now and then.
The woman talks throughout the entire video as she's demonstrating her movements or pointing towards her finger motions.
Eventually the woman stops talking and ends with a smile and the words "Howcast original" appear on the white screen.
A band is seated outside on asphalt.
They are playing a series of drums with sticks and their hands.
Numerous people pass by on foot and bike.
Two men plays foosball in an arena with two referees standing near by watching the fame.
We see the bleacher an spectators.
A point is scored and see people clapping and a replay and a title screen.
The man in gray backs up and wipes sweat.
We see the man in black speaking with the people behind him before the men return to the game.
We see the ending title screen.
Kids are driving around in bumper cars.
The cars crash into each other.
The kid in the green car crashes into the wall.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while a large group of people walk behind him.
Several shots are then shown of people riding down a riving in a raft while some fall out.
More clips are shown of people riding in the water as well as falling out and yelling to the camera.
Two young friends are together on a sandy beach.
First the girl on the right speaks, and then her friend in a purple t-shirt speaks next.
She finishes by turning to her friend and they get up, grabbing hands, and exit the scene to the right.
Next we see them again seated on the sand facing each other as they begin to build something in the sand.
The focus is shifted to one girl, who speaks, and finishes by writing something in the sand.
A woman untie a pair of shoes until half and raise the tongues.
Then, the woman put on a foot and tie the shoe behind the tongue.
Then, the person put the other feet and tie the shoe, then she puts the tongues up.
The woman talks and  shows her shoes and skinny pants.
A young man with a backpack is talking and walking through a station.
There is a man sitting on the ground shining a shoe.
He applies ointment to the shoe and resumes buffing the shoe.
The customer moves his right foot down and places his left foot on the stand and the man starts polishing the shoe.
Two men on either side of the shoe shiner is observing the crowd.
The shiner continues to buff the left shoe.
The train is moving along the station as a crowd walks by.
The shiner returns to buffing the right shoe.
The shiner wipes the shoe with a cloth.
The man resumes buffing the left shoe.
The man drops his block and resumes buffing.
The man takes the cloth to shine the left shoe.
The customer observes his shiny shoes.
The customer steps away from the shoe shiner.
There's a girl gymnast dressed in shiny blue leotards performing gymnastics on a horse bar in front of many spectators in a large gymnasium.
She gets on the horse bar and begins to do front flips and back flips.
Then she does  twisted backs flip while landing securely back on the horse bar.
She continues her gymnastic moves and then securely jumps off the horse bar and lands on the ground.
After she gets off the bar, she goes and hugs her coach.
Slow motion actions of her gymnastic moves are replayed to show how she landed back on the ground from the horse bar.
Then the gymnast walks past the where the panel of judges are seated.
A close up of a horse is shown followed by a woman walking into frame and brushing the horse.
She continues brushing the horse in various spots and ends with her feeding the horse.
A large group of dancers are seen standing on a stage and beginning to perform a routine.
The girls continue dancing with one another and ending by holding a pose.
Various people are seen wandering around a beach, followed by waves moving along the water and people sitting in the water.
Several people surfing the waves while people on the sidelines watch the athletes move.
A baby is standing on the carpet.
A person brushes the child's teeth with a blue toothbrush.
The child reaches for the camera.
A little boy is sitting on the floor, touching a vacuum cleaner and talking.
He also picks up another vacuum, and starts rolling it across the room, back and forth.
A man is seen sitting down and speaking to the camera while holding a hookah hose and another person is seen in frame.
The man takes a puff from the pipe while speaking to the camera and hands it to the other man who also takes a hit.
He blows the smoke out and the first man is still seen speaking to the camera.
A large group of people are seen playing a soccer match on a large, sandy beach.
Many people watch on the sidelines as the kids pass the ball back and fourth to one another.
The game continues on as the kids move up and down the field and attempt several goals that end up missed.
A man was peeling a potato using a green peeler.
He peeled the middle part one more time.
Thrown it in the container.
A man jumps off of a bridge and bungee jumps.
It shows him climbing back up onto the ledge.
He jumps again off the bridge.
A man in gray long sleeves talks in a stage of Ultimate Guinness  World Records.
A young table tennis player is standing in front of  table with spectators behind her.
Two players play table tennis and continue playing for a minute and record 173 hits.
The play is reviewed and the young player was introduced as Ai Fukuhara, with a record of most table tennis counter hits .
The man in stage talks again while walking around the stage.
A person is walking in a yard while recording it with a camera.
The person gets a tray of white paint and paints a fence.
A young girl is seen playing a saxophone while looking over to the camera and moving her hands up and down.
The woman continues to play the instrument and ends by turning off the camera.
A gymnast performs uneven bars routine while people watch.
The judge supervises the routine of the gymnast.
Then, the gymnast spins holding the higher bar and jumps stand on the mat.
A lady pulls and fixes her outfit.
The lady messes with her hair.
The lady tries on shoes while standing and sitting.
A man and a woman talk to the camera in a newscast setting.
The scene transitions to various people training in gymnastics.
Two women are interviewed on camera sequentially.
The scene transitions to more gymnastic practice segments.
A person is seen grabbing a bowling ball and winding his arm while other people bowl around him.
The man throws the ball and hits several pins while running back and cheering to the camera.
Two women are on a court with jump ropes.
They do several stunts while jumping the ropes.
They flip forward, backward and sideways in unison.
Kids are sitting in bumper cars.
They begin going and bumping into each other.
People are standing behind the gate watching them.
A man in a blue shirt is walking in front of them.
A teen boy is running on the beach.
A dog is chasing him, trying to catch his frisbee.
He throws the frisbee, and the dog jumps into the air to catch it.
Girls are going down a small red slide.
A man in a red shirt is standing behind them.
He walks away towards the house.
A dancer stands up from a chair.
He pushes the chair towards him female dance partner.
She sits on the chair.
He walks towards her, picking her up from the chair and they dance.
People in the audience applaud.
A young lady dressed in a pink leotard and tuto begins prancing around a large stage.
As she continues her routine,she continues doing ballet leaps and swinging her arms and twisting like a ballerina.
Behind,her a castle appears cast on the wall as the girl smiles and looks out to the crowd.
A close up of a hookah is seen that leads to another man.
The man grabs the hose and takes a hit from the hookah.
The man then blows smoke into the camera lens.
Two men are standing on a basketball goal.
They start doing layups, then stand talking to the camera again.
A person's hand are seen dealing cards onto a table as well as several clips of a casino being shown.
More shots are shown of people dealing cards to others as well as people cheering and continuing to deal cards.
The camera pans around several men drinking  a large container of alcohol and the camera panning back to the beginning.
The camera continues capturing the men drinking as well as talking to one another and one rubbing his eyes in the end.
Someone grabs a rubix cube off of their desk and begin to solve it.
They are moving so fast, they put it down for a split second.
They pick it back up quickly and get back to it, moving so fast again.
When they finally solve the cube they show their time, it took them only 33,91 to solve the cube.
An array of shoe shining tools are shown including different kinds and colors of shoe polish, a polishing rag and a black shiny shoe.
A group of adult students sit in a classroom style room and look to the front of the class as if attending a class and listening intensely.
A shoe shine demonstration takes place with a man kneeling in front of a group of students and using a sample shoe as an example.
Several people in aprons, then kneel before people wearing shoes and shine the people's shoes on red buckets with polishing clothes and polish.
The shoes shiners then stand in unison, with their aprons, and bow and shake hands.
We see a series of opening screens.
A person throws a frisbee as a dog catches them.
A man raises his hands in the air and walks off and another person walks past the camera.
We see a title screen.
We see an image of the dog laying in the grass with words on the screen.
picture of  supplies that are needed to do hairstyle .
Separate hair into two parts down the middle.
French braiding hair from left to right all the way to the end.
French braiding hair from the back going right to left all the way to the end.
Connect the braids together using a bobby pin.
Separate the braids all over to make braids look fuller to form a crown.
A small white ball dashed out into the court and hits a player smack dab in the head.
Another player then steals the ball and starts kicking it until its more into his control, and kicks it straight into the goal.
A small replay shows how he managed to kick it in there.
A short montage of similar moves, the player kicking a ball straight into the goal.
A short amount of footage shows how the player reacts to his own shot.
A man serves a ball to play squash with a partner.
The men hit the ball to the wall.
The man bounce the ball on the floor.
A person does a tutorial on how to use an elliptical most efficiently.
A woman does the backwards elliptical while smiling sometimes.
A close up is shown of a woman wearing glasses.
She starts smoking a cigarette, then leans over.
A woman in bed is laughing as she falls onto her own bed, still smoking.
A man throws a ball onto the sidewalk.
He plays hopscotch to pick it up.
A little kid runs around in front of him.
A yellow frame with girls playing Lacross opens up the video.
A game of girls Lacross is going on as different slides are shown.
The game ends with a penalty shot.
A picture of an island coast is shown with calm blue waves washing up against the rocks.
A male suddenly appears and begins running towards the water with a surf board.
The man begins surfing on the waves as several people sit on the beach watching him.
After awhile,the male leaves the water and sits on the hill with the surfboard and then walks away.
An athlete performs hammer Throw by spins a heavy ball several times with his body.
Then, the athlete throws the ball to the field.
A food attendant prepares an ice cream cone from a frozen yogurt dispenser.
The man happily watches his ice cream being prepared.
The man enjoys is ice cream eating it as fast as he can.
The man rubs his head and is relieved.
A pair of hands are shown playing piano.
The piano player is shown playing with another person seated beside him.
The playing is seen from a hand close up view again.
The second man imitates the first man.
The first man claps at the second man's imitation.
A little boy is inside a garage room.
He is playing a large drum set while wearing headphones.
He hits the cymbals and drums hard with the sticks.
The word ehow appears on the screen.
We see a woman dressed in red standing in a room of a house.
She is talking about a table in front of her.
She picks up some furniture polish, and applies it to the wood, polishing it with a sock she has put over her hand.
A man is seen jumping up and down on a pair of stilts while a few others move around on stilts with help.
More shots are shown of people jumping around on the stilts and others still needing help from others.
Several shots of athletic runners are shown followed by slow motion shots of an athlete running a long jump and celebrating.
The camera pans into scenes of men stretching and watching followed by one running down the long jump and cheering to the crowd.
His jump is shown several more times followed by other's jumping performing their jump in front of the large crowd.
A man is seen running down the street holding a box and speaking to another.
The man then plays a game with a small girl and bows after each game.
The two continue to play with the man laughing at the camera and him giving her a kiss in the end.
People skateboard in a competition on the road while bending and holding his arms back.
Then, a skateboarder opens his arms and signal others to advance.
Then, the skateboarders pass on front spectators watching on side the road.
People take picture to the skateboarders.
A skateboarder fells on the road.
People continues skateboarding in the road.
A little boy walk toward the sink.
The boy stands on front the sink and puts toothpaste on the brush,  and then brush the teeth.
Then, the boy rinse his mouth and then show teeth and dry mouth.
Numerous different pictures of fitness people flash on the screen and the logo LA MUSCLE flashes quickly.
A group of people appear and they are on bicycles pedaling and are doing a cardio workshop while the man in front wearing a headband is talking the whole time.
The outro screen appears and it's a white screen that shoes the LA MUSCLE logo like it did in the beginning and the words "For More Visit LAMUSCLE dot TV".
A man is welding a circular metal piece.
A green light appears out of no where.
The man continues welding the circular metal piece.
A person's hands are seen holding a rube and spinning it around.
The person turns the cube all over it's sides while attempting to solve the puzzle.
The man connects all the sides and shows it to the camera.
We see an opening title screen.
A woman in a dark room plays the drums with his hand.
The camera tilts on it's side then goes back upright.
We see the room around the lady.
We see the ending title screen.
Man talks to camera shooting video.
Soccer players are shown practicing their moves.
Soccer players take shots.
Man is shoved off of the court.
Man is congratulated for his goal.
Man shakes his hand at the camera.
A lady in white stripes shirt is standing next to a young boy, they are standing at the counter, they cut the side of the bread, put spread on it, roll the bread in a plastic, cut the side of the bread, put meat on the bread, shredded the cheese, roll the bread in the plastic.
The woman sliced the plastic with bread in it then put it in a rectangle plate.
A group of people are seen riding around in tubes while pushing themselves down a diver.
The people continue to ride in the tubes down the river while looking towards the camera as well as laughing and smiling.
A large group of people are seen playing a game of tug of war with other people walking around.
The people play back and fourth while others watching on the side.
One group then pulls another down and ends by walking away.
A person explains holding a racket and making moves with a racket in a tennis court.
Then a man wearing black clothes serves a tennis ball that is returned, and he sends it back.
Then, the person talks holding two ball, after the man serves again and the person talks.
After, the man continues talking.
In 2009, a man is shown sitting at a table.
He has two rubik's cubes in front of him.
As a timer runs, he solves the puzzle using only one hand.
He jumps up in victory after only 17 seconds.
A black intro screen appears and it contains white words that say "Named Gymnastic Elements Parallel bars", then "MUSIC: Nightwish Where were you last night", and the last screen includes foreign words an email and a website.
Various short clips of different men on different parallel bars in gymnasiums are doing handstands, swinging on them and doing various other tricks as spectators look on.
The last man on the parallel bars seems to be practicing in a gym with no large group of spectators looking on.
A girl stands up from a table in a kitchen.
She and another girl have glasses and spoons.
They proceed to eat the substance as they sit on the floor.
A lady paints her fingernails a plum color.
She then puts streaks and dots of black and silver on the nails to create a design.
She finishes and shows her painted nails.
A group of adults plays a game of beach volleyball.
Groups of children of kids play a game of beach volleyball.
Rules are shown for the game.
A group of girls play a volley ball game.
A group of adults play a volleyball game on an overcast day.
A man stands by his ice ridden car.
He rakes the entire sheet onto the ground, watching it shatter.
A woman sits on the floor next a  vacuum.
The woman vacuums dirt on a hard floor.
Then, the woman cleans waste on a carpet.
After, the woman vacuums over a pillow using a smaller nozzle.
Next, then woman put a new nozzle to clean narrow surfaces.
Also the woman measures the pressure of suction and shows the inside of the vacuum.
Several canoes are shown in idle in murky water.
Then a set of boys begin kayaking in the water and jumping off the trees.
woman is in an offece talking to a men that are decorating a christmas tree.
man talks to the one who was standing by the tree and gives him a barbie.
man walks to a woman and start talking in te corner of the room.
man is holding a ball next to the christmas tree putting the balls.
Two people are kayaking down a rough river.
Now only one person can be seen going by the rocks.
There is an edge of a porch with a pair of shoes and a pair of legs up on the edge of the porch.
We see a man in a pink shirt throw a ball in a  cup in a game of beer pong.
The man on the left team blows the ball out of the cup.
The man and the two ladies laugh and cheer and he high fives one lady.
The man makes hand signs.
The credits of the clips are shown.
The hand drills a hole with an electric tool.
The hand screws two nail into holes with an electric tool.
The person leaves with the electric tool.
A small group of girls wearing costumes are seen walking out onto a gym floor and holding a pose in front of a large audience.
The girls perform a dance routine with batons in their hand and end by lining up and walking away.
This man is shown holding a pumpkin in the beginning of the video then he carves the top off and gets the seeds and everything else out of the pumpkin.
Someone gives one of the snow dogs a piece of the pumpkin.
Then he puts the stencil on the pumpkin and carves a snow dog into the pumpkin.
A large group of people are seen sitting around a pit with one man spinning around and throwing a ball off into the distance.
People around him clap while more stand around and talk as well as watch the balls be thrown.
The people grab the ball from the ground over and over again while occasionally looking over to the camera and panning back to the large crowd.
A man in a striped shirt prepares to throw dart at a dart board.
The man throws three darts at the dartboard.
The camera man pans to the side of the dartboard and zooms in on the darts as the man in the striped shirt reaches for the dart board.
People are sitting in stands watching people.
The people are in robes.
They are doing karate moves on the floor.
Two men on a ladder fight in a professional wrestling match.
The men flip off the ladder on to the mat.
The referee kneels near by.
The man in red crawls to the man in blue and pins him winning the match.
We see a replay of the match.
A woman is sitting on the couch and is putting her feet in a python printed heels.
Once they are on she stands up and walks around as the camera zooms in on her red painted toe nails.
A gymnast wearing a red and white uniform prepares to mount a pommel horse for his exercise.
The gymnast jumps onto the pommel horse and starts with scissor moves.
The gymnast moves into a spinning exercise while on the pommel horse.
The gymnast moves into a hand stand while walking with his hands.
The gymnast goes from the hand stand to his dismount.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while holding a box up to show an instrument inside.
The man pulls out the harmonica and continues to show it off to the camera.
The man plays the harmonica and pauses to hold it up to the screen as well as a picture.
A woman is sitting on a mat on the floor.
A man is talking about how to use a bowflex.
She lies down, doing sit ups as he continues to talk.
A group of female players walk onto a court behind their coach.
They engage in a lacrosse game, fighting over the ball with their bats.
The girls celebrate their win with flowers and hugs.
Several pairs of people are out in the desert holding a selfie stick as they travel around on camels.
As they continue,some people come around and begin to film the people with their own camera.
Now,a line of people are in the sand just standing around watching them as the people on the camel begin to talk back to them.
A reporter talks in a TV set, then a reporter talks in a park, then a map of London is shown.
A man shows a bag with a cigarette and then it is show next of papers.
After, the man is in a backyard explaining to the reporter.
People are in a park walking, a person with a pet and mother with a child.
A man and a woman talk with the reporter.
A large group of people are seen standing in a gymnasium with two people in front.
The group then begins dancing with one another and leads into another large group of people.
People are seen speaking to the camera and leads into them jumping up in the end.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into several people holding and shooting bows.
The instructors assists the students while speaking to the camera and shows several shots of the person shooting the arrows.
A small group of people are seen playing a game of volleyball while people watch along the sidelines.
The players hit the ball several times over the net as well as chasing after the ball.
The continue to play the game while others cheer and high five one another after.
Several close ups of sandwiches are seen as well as a person cutting up meat and vegetables.
The person cuts up bread following by laying various ingredients on the bread.
The person closes the bread to make sandwiches followed by putting them in a french press and presenting them to the camera.
Several shots are shown of signs and landscapes and leads into a person tying a rope.
Several people are seen wandering around and smiling to the camera as well as climbing up a rock.
More people are seen climbing up the rock as well as a man climbing down.
people are in a lake wakeboarding being pulled by a boat.
a lot of people are standing on a dock watching the wakeboarding competition.
people are walking on the dock wearing winter clothes.
An older man is seen laughing to the camera and playing a large set of bongo drums.
He continues playing along faster and faster and finishes by slapping the drum one final time.
The video begins with several shots of a person doing tricks on a skateboard while many people watch him on the sides.
He attempts many more tricks that fail to have him land on the board and he walks around the bowl each time afterwards.
A young woman is seen brushing her hair that leads into her speaking to the camera.
She holds up several brushes while speaking to the camera as well as various objects.
She uses scissors to get hair out of a brush as well as a toothbrush and bowl to clean out her brushes.
A man is squatting down in a big open room talking.
The man demonstrates how to do a dance move.
He then does the move several times and hops up to his feet.
A woman and a dog are playing on the grass with a frisbee.
The dog has the frisbee in its mouth.
The woman and the dog are playing with a rope.
man is sitting on a boat in a calm lake.
car is being driven in a highway with cars standing on the sides.
photo of a iver is shown and he car going through the haighway and arriving to a lake.
people are in boat paddling in the river and arriving to a camp on pier.
We see water flowing over a river.
A title appears on the screen.
A person in a canoe goes over the waterfall.
The person rides the rapids of the river.
We see people on a rock on the riverbank watching the canoer.
The person in the canoe smiles and talks to the camera.
A man walks into a circle on a field.
He spins while holding a disc.
He lets go of the disc, letting it fly through the air.
A little boy is filling an ice cream cone with ice cream.
He licks the ice cream cone.
He lifts the ice cream cone up to show the camera.
A man is sitting in a gym with friends who make stupid signs at the camera.
Then some dodgeball is played.
Men are doing karate moves in a gym.
People are playing instruments next to them.
A man in a white shirt is playing the drums in front of him.
This woman is walking, jumping,  and flipping on the balance beam.
When she's done she walks off the stage and goes to her dad.
An older woman is using a cue to play pool.
She shoots the ball and walks away.
Then she bangs cues with another person.
A person pours water to a cup.
A woman talks in a bar showing liquor bottles.
Then, the woman put ice in a glass, then she adds liquors from three bottles.
After, the woman add soda and put a straw.
A line of drummers play inside a superdome.
Several bass drummers appear wearing jerseys.
They all play a beat as people with cameras walk between them.
A woman starts dancing next to a man in front of a gathered crowd.
They spin in circles as they dance.
She goes between his legs, sliding outward and injuring her neck.
She gets up laughing and gives the man a hug.
We see a guitar illustration on the opening scene.
We see a man hitting the guitar like  drum.
The man plays a song on the guitar and we briefly see the song and artist name on the screen.
We focus on the mans left hand on the guitar neck.
The man finishes and stops playing.
We see the illustration again.
A man is shown on a bike riding across the snow.
Then another group of people are riding in a cart through the snow.
Three skiers are pictured on top of a mountain of a snow and they begin skiing.
A skier is then panned up and down holding a set of skiis as well as people on mountain bikes and they begin racing.
First the woman grabs some dishes to prepare something and puts them into a refrigerator.
She then holds  a cup  under a foam dispenser and remove sit when it's filled up.
She then tops it with crushed graham bears.
next she gets a plate and a round stencil.
she puts the plate under the dispenser and she removes it and slowly pulls the circle off of the cake once she is done smoothing the paste.
Then she uses a knife to put lines on the sides of the cake.
Next she puts cream on the edges from top to bottom.
then she drizzles a little chocolate syrup on there.
She is now done making the cake.
A man is kneeling on the ice with another beside hide pulling string out of a hole.
They continue to pull the string while the man beside him grabs a hook.
He places the hook near the hole but the man grabs a fish on a string.
The fish flops around and the man grabs the fish and holds him up.
A close up of a razor is shown an leads into several clips of dogs getting their cut trimmed.
Several tools are shown are then shown on cats and them laying down being pet.
An athlete jumps with a pole to pass the horizontal bar, then he falls on the foamy mat.
Then, there is a flash back of the vault pole jump.
Several shots of riders standing around a sand pit are shown followed by many angles of people riding bikes over jumps.
The camera captures several angles of the people riding along a bike track and interviewing them in between shots.
In the end all the riders are shown on screen as well as being interviewed and jumping along one last time.
men are talking to the camera sitting in a chair.
men taking off their glasses and shave the half of their faces while a woman is putting some makeup on them, doing their eyebrows and putting some eyeliner and lashes.
men look at them in the mirror with the half way of the face with makeup and the oher half without makeup and are talking to the camera.
The groomer sprays the brown dog.
The dog runs around the shop.
The groomer bushes the brown dog.
A woman is dancing on a stage.
She picks up a microphone and starts singing.
She begins to play a drum set in front of her.
A very large man wearing a black speedo is standing in a wrestling rink huffing and puffing.
A referee walks past the man, a man from the ground stands up and the very large man kicks him, picks him up, then slams him onto the rink.
The man just lays there writhing in pain.
Various text shown leads into several clips of people swinging around on uneven bars.
More and more gymnasts are shown jumping off of a beam and onto uneven bars.
Several woman are shown back to back performing these tricks.
A lady in a black tank top gives instruction on how to blow dry a girl's hair wearing a blue t-shirt.
The hair stylist first places a liquid in her hand and rubs it into the models hair and then brushes clients hair.
The lady in the black tank top uses the blow drier while combing the hair with a brush.
Scenes of the finished product showing side views and back vies of the models hair.
The title and logo appear on the screen.
A man holding a saxophone plays and talks to the camera in between.
A man holds the saxophone up to show the bottom.
The man takes the mouthpiece off his saxophone, and replaces it.
We see a closeup of the man playing the saxophone, it zooms out and in on him again.
We see a closeup of the opening of the horn.
The screen goes black and we see the end screen.
An intro of text leads into several clips of athletes throwing javelins off into the distance.
The video continues with several more athletes being shown performing impressive throws with the Javelin.
A woman is seen sitting in a chair while speaking to the camera and leads into a close up of a tree and the woman putting ornaments on.
The woman ties string all along the tree while the camera pans around and ends with her showing off the end result and speaking to the camera.
People are playing a polo match in a field.
The focus is on one man and horse who chase the ball.
The camera stays on number 2 the whole time.
A woman is washing her face in a sink.
She looks in a mirror in front of her.
She continues wiping her face.
We see a girl sitting in a piercing parlor with a lady standing near her.
The lady puts a clip on the girls lip and sticks a large needle through her lip.
The lady slides the earring through the girls lip and puts a disinfectant on it.
A man starts chopping a piece of wood with an ax.
He picks the wood back up and throws it into a pile.
He picks up a new piece of wood and chops that one.
A girl dances as she sits in a booth.
The girl mixes ingredients together in a pot.
The girl adds dried ingredients to the pot.
The girl adds tomato and eggs from a plate to the pot.
The girls waves goodbye and leans back on the booth.
A man is climbing up a mountain trying to find the right spots to pull himself up.
He finds a good place to hang his rope on the mountain and starts to climb up again.
He decides to move it up a little bit more to a better spot.
Then, he starts climbing again struggling a bit before finally making it over the tough spot.
A woman and a man are sitting on the sidewalk playing music.
People stand next to them and watch them play.
A little boy holding a yellow ball walks by.
A man poses for a picture in front of them.
A dumbell appears on screen with the words "Catalyst Athletics" overlaid.
A man lifts weights over his head in a gym.
A woman then lifts weights over her head.
A "Catalyst Athletics" logo appears with social media links.
A man wearing a green cap sits in a car holding a coffee cup talking.
He sets the camera on his dashboard and continues talking.
He holds the coffee and takes several sips.
He continues talking while holding the cup in his hand.
Two people are seen walking around on stilts in the middle of a street and sidewalk.
The walk continue walking up and down the streets on stilts passing by people and speaking.
A woman is seen sitting on a couch holding a hat and leads into her cutting the cat's claws.
She then holds up a piece of paper as the cat runs away and she points to the paper.
instructions of how to play chords on the violin are shown.
woman is in a room playing the violin.
woman is showing how to play chords on wooden violin.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while holding a guitar in his hands.
The man begins playing the guitar and singing into a microphone.
The man continues singing and playing and stops in the end.
A text introduction describing the event is shown.
A woman performs gymnastics on uneven bars while a number of spectators watch.
The woman dismounts from the bars.
A woman talks, then she puts slices of bread on a hot baking pan on the stove.
Then, the woman puts cream cheese on the bread and cooks meat.
When the meat is done, the woman puts sauerkraut and cheese on top, then cover it and make sandwiches.
A woman is seen performing a dance routine while moving around on the beach near the water.
The woman continues moving around on the beach shaking her arms and legs and looking off into the distance.
A large group of people are sitting around while two men bring out a table and a man and woman stand on it.
The man and woman speak to the crowd and perform a tango routine while standing on the table the entire time.
The people step off the table and bow to the audience clapping and the camera panning around.
man is in roofed gym weightlifting.
woman is walking behind the man watching the man.
woman is lifting eights while he man sits to watch her.
A man is shown on camera doing several moves with his arms and legs while smiling into the camera.
He performs several more moves slowly and continues to speak and smile to the camera.
The videos transitions into a countdown of various people getting hurt on the streets from bull attacks.
many different people are seen running down streets while a bull flips them over and hurt them.
The video takes place in a gymnastics arena.
A man is performing gymnastics on a beam while several others are watching.
The man begins on the beam upside down.
He then does several flips.
The video ends as he performs a final flip and hops off the beam.
man carrying a lawn blower is blowing the dust in the sidewalk walking in street.
man is cleaning the sidewalk from the dry leaves pouring out the sidewalk.
man is walking in sidewalk watching the man that is carrying the blower.
A truck is seen parked in front of a house with several shots of the house shown.
A man is then seen standing on the roof hosing down the top and again standing in front of the house watering.
The camera shows the truck parked out front again and the final product of the roof.
A man is standing in a room.
They are throwing darts at a dartboard.
A woman then comes and throws darts at a dartboard.
A large group of people are seen sitting around a gym when a girl runs in and performs a routine on the uneven bars.
The girl continues swinging around and ends with her jumping off the side and waving to the audience.
A small group of girls are first seen walking out on a gymnasium floor with several people watching on the sidelines.
The girls then perform a routine using batons while spinning and twirling.
They make an ending pose while the audience claps and run off to the side.
A person wearing safety gear holds a metal rod with a clamp.
Then, the person weld on a surface.
Smoke comes form the clamp.
A man and woman are standing in a dance position.
They then shift, showing different steps slowly.
They continue dancing, showing how to perform different moves.
A dog is being bathed by a woman.
The woman is spraying water on the small dog with a hose.
She is now blow drying the dog.
The dog is placed in the kennel next to a woman's feet.
A dog plays behind and with the groomed dog.
The dog now is getting a haircut.
A man stands in front of a counter with his hands down in front of equipment.
He uses the surface to rub a knife blade back and forth, sharpening it.
When he is done, he checks the blade before lying the knife back down.
A camera pans around a person standing and leads into him looking off into the distance and carrying gear.
The man suits up as the camera shows close ups of his board.
The man is then seen doing numerous tricks over the water while following behind a boat.
The credits of the clip are shown.
A guy standing in a bathroom speaks and gestures.
A person shaving his chin is shown.
A guy puts cream from a blue tube in his palm and applies it to his chin.
A guy puts gel from a blue tube in his palm and applies it to his chin.
A guy washes his face.
The credits of the video are shown.
Two people are seen standing in a gymnasium wearing boxing gloves.
The men then go back and fourth with one another kicking and punching.
The two continue to fight while the camera captures their movements.
A woman is standing behind a table with several pumpkin carving kits.
She shows the contents of the books.
The woman chooses a design, carving it into the pumpkin.
She then places batteries in tea light to go inside, and paints the pumpkin black.
A young man in a white karate uniform practices some moves.
He bows at the end and runs towards the camera.
A large group of people are seen in various areas of a building while some are signing up for a race.
People sit around a track and leads into small children performing several long jumps.
An older man announces awards in the end and the winners stand by and get their ribbons.
A hand saw sits on top of a roof.
A ladder leans on it.
The roof is old and dilapidated.
The camera then pans down.
An older woman is seen talking to the camera and leads into her swinging back and fourth with another child.
The child pushes the woman in a swing and continues playing with her on the swing set.
A woman is seen inside a bathroom.
She is using a dryer to blow dry her hair.
She occasionally uses a brush to help speed the process.
Cheerleaders are standing on a blue mat.
They start doing a routine on the mat.
They hold up signs in the air.
They finish their routine and wave at the audience.
Two men perform kick box in a room while a man supervise the moves.
A person leans on the wall behind the men.
A little child pass on front the men.
A woman walks and stand on front the men.
A large group of people are shown swimming around in a pool playing water polo.
The match continues on with people passing the ball around the pool while many sit along the sidelines and watch.
Two people are skiing down a very cold and snowy mountain slope during winter.
Going left and right and starting to build up some more speed as they go.
One of them falls and still moving down the slope ends up running into another skier causing him to fall down also.
They try to grab hands and they end up finally at a halt.
A woman in a sparkling green dress talks on a stage.
A couple is shown dancing, kicking and swirling creatively.
When they are done, they hold hands as the crowd cheers.
They walk over to the woman in a green dress, hugging her before leaving the stage.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and pans over to a roof that is breaking apart.
He points all over the roof and shows a man working on the roof while panning around again.
Two men play a song on a guitars together in a dimly lit room.
Ones down to play the acoustic guitar.
Vodka is shown being poured into a martini glass.
A woman is behind a bar, showing off bottles of alcohol.
She mixes the ingredients together, then shakes them up before pouring into a glass filled with ice.
A man walks onto a mat and lifts a large weight over his head.
A man in a red shirt is sitting down.
A man walks up and lifts a large weight over his head and drops it on the ground.
Another man comes onto the mat and lifts a weight over their head.
A man talks to the camera in a close up view.
Scenes of the man's daily activities are shown.
Scenes of the man getting serviced at a hair salon is shown, usually with other individuals in the background.
Scenes of the man talking to the camera with various others are shown.
More scenes from the hair salon are shown.
A girl in a bathing suit is sitting on the beach.
She is putting sand into a cup and building a sand castle.
Another girl walks up and talks to her.
We see an opening title screen.
We see a man in a barber shop and see images of the shop.
The barber speaks cut with scenes of a barber shop.
We see a Union Jack flag on the arm of a chair.
A large dog walks through the room.
We see the man shaving a man with a straight razor.
We see the ending title screen.
A man comes outside and starts shoveling the snow with his black shovel and many people drive past while he's doing it.
In the end the camera zooms in to show what is written in the big pile of snow.
The letters create this world known holiday phrase and that is Merry Christmas including the year 2013.
A man is standing in a gym holding up a large bicycle wheel moving his hands along the tube inside the rubber.
The man continuously performs the action as he moves the circle around on his knee.
After, the man picks up a yellow object and starts to tighten the spokes on the wheel and sealing the lifting the rubber up.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into actors being interviewed about a film.
Several shots of the film is shown as well as stills from other movies and appearances together.
The couple is then shown performing a tango routine on a large stage and ends by posing on stage with the audience cheering.
Graphics with "FCC Presents" followed by "The Great Indoors with Tracy Briggs" appear on screen.
Briggs speaks to the camera from a kitchen.
She begins preparing a potato and tomtatos to eat.
A small child is seen sitting on top of a slide while looking over to another child playing.
The boy rides down the slide several more times with the girl's assistance and a man standing holding a baby and watching.
People are in a swimming pool playing water polo.
A woman is walking outside the pool.
A man rubs his face while in the water before getting out of the water.
