Several shots are shown of people riding along the water with a kite as well as people on a boat and various landscapes.
In the end a shot of a sunset is shown.
Guys are playing pool in front of an audience.
A guy changes his pool stick.
The two men stand close together and give an interview.
A man puts his arm around his partner's shoulders, and his partner dances.
A man sits on his pool game partner's lap after he makes his shot, .
A female gymnast mounts a high beam in front of her coach.
She does several flips forward and backward.
She dismounts, and he claps as she walks away.
A man is shown with a woman dancing in front of a large crowd on a tv show.
The woman spins around as the man leads her through the routine.
She then is lifted up and spun around again.
They dance very romantically and she is spun around various times before being tipped backwards by the man as they continue to dance.
The two dancers reach out to one another and the routine ends.
A man is bending over picking up a heavy weight several times in a row and setting it down.
A man is measuring another mans arm length.
The man measures the length of the weight bar.
There's a lady swimmer diving into an indoor pool from a tall diving board while a small group of people are watching her perform.
The diver stands in one position first to adjust her stance and then gradually steps forward on the diving board.
She jumps up high and twists her body as she makes the jump.
She ends up hurting herself on the back as she misjudges the distance from the diving board as she falls into the pool.
An intro leads into a woman performing several different tricks with a dog and showing text for how to perform the trick.
The woman continues performing tricks with the dog and end by walking to the camera.
A young person is holding on to a rope as he is boogie boarding through the river.
The young person then does a 360 flip in the water and keeps going and shortly after,he does another trick.
Then another person is shown and begins doing more rigorous tricks in the water.
Next,a series of pictures are shown of other people doing tricks.
Next, a snowboarder is shown and then they young person comes back with a still image of him and his awards.
A TV reporter is talking while shows a screen of a person playing hockey on ice.
Then, the reporters talk and comment each other, while one of the man is on front a laptop.
Several shots of a casino is shown that includes close ups of poker tables and people sitting at a table playing.
Many shots are shown of the dealer dealing cards while turning them around and the audience reacting.
A man is seen wiping down a door and then puts a large poster over the door.
He puts the paper down and trims around the edges, ending with several pictures of posters shown and how to buy.
A camera pans all around the sky and shows a close up of a kite.
A person is seen standing on the ground and pans back to the kite.
The kite continues to move in the air while a person continue flying it.
men are standing in a large green field playing lacrosse.
people is around the field watching the game.
men are running side to side of the ield playing lacrosse trying to score.
A woman is speaking while standing next to an elliptical trainer.
The mechanics of the elliptical machine are shown.
We then see the woman on the machine, demonstrating how it works.
A mother tries to brush a baby's teeth.
The baby takes the toothbrush and tries herself.
The baby spits out some of this toothpaste but keeps trying.
A woman is talking to the camera while standing against a white background.
She holds up a hula hoop while she talks.
She then shows how to utilize the hula hoop while doing exercises and yoga poses, sometimes inserting parts of her body into the hoop.
A close up is seen of chords and numbers scrolling next to the top of a guitar.
Instructions are being given for playing the instrument.
The person's fingers move up and down on the chords as they are shown.
We see images which were  shot around DC.
We see a man talking and shots of skateboards as people assemble in a room.
We see Tony Hawk who points to other people.
We see people skateboarding in the street, and around DC.
We see a skater named Shaun Gregoirie.
A lady holds up a USA Flag and talks.
We see a cop car on the street.
We see Anthony Shetler sitting and talking before skating on the street.
A man jumps stairs and falls.
We see the ending credits for the video.
A camera pans over several landscapes located in the desert as well as the night sky moving around.
The sun rises and more shots of landscapes are shown as well as animals in the area.
People are then seen riding around on a boat through a tough river and end with a plane flying over the area.
A group of kids and adults are by a river.
They get into rafts and float down stream.
They paddle through the rapids and falls.
We see a black screen with the intro.
We see people in blue playing drums.
A title screen appears and we see another team.
Another title screen and a team with a man jumping a ribbon.
The title appears twice and we see a red team.
The title screen returns and we see a team in purple.
The title returns 3 times  and people are outdoors practicing.
We see people perform in front of a crowd.
We see a bunch of quick shots of teams, then the ending screen.
A man paints a fence as the man next to him waters the fence.
Both of them go over the fence a second time.
They do it  a third time.
And they do it a fourth time.
They do it a fifth time.
Four little girls , dressed in white dresses with red sashes, stand in a line, on a stage and play the violin together.
Four little girls begin to play violin on a stage on a stage with a pink backdrop.
The girl play together using both hands to play the violin before ending the performance and taking a bow together.
Two men are shown performing an arm wrestling match with many watching on the sidelines and a ref calling who the winner is.
Several more men battle back and fourth with one another and more people stepping in and out of frame to watch.
A nighttime view of a city is shown through a window.
A man in a chef's coat is standing in a kitchen talking to the camera.
A pancake is shown with syrup being poured on it.
Ingredients are placed in a bowl.
The man cracks an egg and whisks the ingredients in a bowl.
A ladle is shown next to the bowl.
The man ladles the pancake batter onto the griddle.
The man flips the pancakes.
The pancake is placed on a plate and syrup is poured on it.
The man is shown eating a piece of the pancake.
The man continues talking to the camera while holding a piece of pancake.
A television studio is shown.
A woman with very long hair is standing on a balcony showing off the length of her hair.
She turns around and faces the camera continuing to brush her hair and display its length.
She begins to twirl and sway her hair with her back to the camera and that is when the video ends.
A man is on front a sink talking and wash a dish, then he puts it on the counter.
The man put dish soap on a dish and scrub it while rinsing with water.
Then the man shows his tattooed arms, then continues washing dishes.
The candied fruits are in the bowl, then the woman pour liqueur in it and mixed them.
The woman added brown sugar on the butter, then added eggs one by one and mixed and then cream, then flour, baking soda, cinnamon powder and mixed them well.
The dried fruit mixture is added in the batter, and then shredded nuts and they were mixed well together.
The batter is pour into the pan, smooth the batter and making sure that its evenly distributed.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera and leads into her sanding down a board in several locations.
She then sands more objects and shows off a large selection of tools she has.
She hammers down the sides of the board and ends with her painting the board.
A close up of a tattoo artist is seen drawing along a person's leg.
The artist continues drawing all over the person's leg while looking up every once in a while to the camera.
We see the title screens for the video.
We see a person skiing.
We switch to a workshop and a list of tools.
We see a man adds a band on a ski and the ski sits on a contraption.
A man brushes and rubs the ski.
We see colorful wax and a man turning a dial.
The man pours wax and we get instructions before he irons the wax on the ski.
The man scrapes the wax and brushes the ski.
We get a ski fact and the video end card shows.
A street performer is sitting down on a crate and drumming on buckets and pans with drum sticks.
He busts on of the buckets and in frustration, stabs it with the stick.
He replaces the bucket and starts over in his beat as a crowd gathers.
He rearranges the buckets once again and continues drumming.
Two men are seen speaking to the camera followed by several clips of people hitting a ball.
More shots are shown of people holding up sticks and hitting a ball with another coach near by helping and speaking to the camera.
A woman stand with athletic jacket in a grass covered and forested yard.
The woman enters an open workshop area.
Logs are stacked upright on a chopping block.
The woman uses an an ax to split the logs in half.
A team of competition cheerleaders come running out into the field and get into formation.
The girls squat down and they begin to do their cheer which consists of several stunts,tricks,and jumps across the mat.
Once they are finished,the girls end in a stunt and the stunt man runs out to the group.
a stands woman by a ball and sets it in place.
Another woman appears and they wrap the ball in wrapping paper.
They finish wrapping and taping the ball.
they take the camera and start to talk into it.
Descriptive text is shown against a red movie curtain backdrop.
A coach shows different leg stances to a student for playing badminton.
The coach returns serves from the student using the racket during a practice drill.
The students returns serves from the instructor for a practice drill.
A person using a chain saw is cutting down limbs off of a tree.
The man uses an extension to cut a limb off the top of the tree.
A woman is seen washing her hands under a sink with a light appearing in the water for temperature.
The person continues scrubbing their hands and shakes them off in the end.
kids are standing in a green grassy field flying kites.
man wearing white shirt is flying the kite in a lage field.
litle kid wearing an orange shirt is watching the man.
A woman is rollerskating across a street with people crossing behind her.
She goes back across the street alone.
A woman in a grey sweater talks to the camera on the sidewalk.
A man in a black hat talks to the camera in front of a blue building.
A man in a black shirt is sitting down and talking.
It goes back to the man in a black hat talking.
It goes back to the man in the black shirt talking.
The girl is bent over on roller blades pulling something out of a bench.
She does tricks on the bench.
A woman in a brown hat is talking.
A man with a mohawk talks.
The girl does more tricks on her roller blades.
A woman in a pink shirt is talking.
Three kids are sitting on a bench in roller skates talking.
The girl on roller blades does another trick.
An older woman is talking to the camera.
A person is seen wearing a back pack and riding away from the camera on roller blades.
The person then rides back and hangs onto a sign swinging himself around then smiling at the camera.
A group of people ride in bumper cars in a huge bumper car ride at an amusement park.
Two yellow bumper cars are stuck in the middle of the track until they get bumped by another car.
The rest of the bumper car drivers continue to follow the course.
A man leans forward as a baby in a swing tries to grab and chew on his hair.
The baby laughs, swinging back and forth, then tries to grab the camera.
A man is talking in a stable as he feeds a horse beside him.
He talks extensively about the benefits of horse riding.
He mounts a saddle onto the horse.
He then leads the horse out, feeding him an apple as he continues to speak.
A small child is seen standing on the sidewalk and looking off into the distance.
The girl then throws the rock and begins playing a game of hopscotch.
She throws and hops several times while stopping to look to the camera.
We see people floating in a lake in purple rafts.
A person puts their feet on a rock.
The people hit the rough water.
We see a red canoe on the shore.
We pan over the river.
A close up of products are shown followed by a woman open the package in front of a mirror.
The woman puts the package into her mouth, swishes it around, then spits it out.
Several shots of beaches are shown and leads into women in bikinis playing a game of volley ball.
The girls continue playing then sit on the sides and touch each other's legs.
They then put lotion all over their legs and begins shaving their legs and holding the ball laughing in the end.
Two men are seen wearing boxing gloves and punching and kicking one another.
The men continue going back and fourth with each other and a text appears at the end of the video.
A person is seen riding waves on the water as well as people partying at a house.
A Dj is shown playing music as well as people dancing around and surfers surfing.
More shots are shown of people surfing and having fun at the house.
A guy shows you how to make a drink,the guy pours ice in a tall glass,adds a half cup of a certain type of liquor and pour it in the cup with the ice.
He then adds soda to the cup which makes the cup full to the top and starts to stir it up with a metal tool.
the guy then squeezes three half limes into the cup and push the three lime to the bottom of the cup with the metal tool he use to stir the drink.
finally he pours the drink from the tall glass to a shorter glass,adds a different type of liquor with a straw to finish it off.
One man is explaining to another man how to use a rowing machine.
One of the main starts to row on the rowing machine before the other.
Next, the other man joins the first man and starts to row.
A girl is riding on a yellow riding lawn mower on a very large yard filled with green grass.
When the girl reaches the end of the yard she makes a turn and drives up in the same direction she just came from.
When she reaches that end, she makes a turn but it's too tight and she reverses a little.
The girl then makes her turn in the opposite direction once again and when she reaches half way down the yard she turns once again and heads up the direction she just came from.
A man in a black shirt and white gloves places billiard balls on a pool table.
A man with a light blue shirt inspects the position of the billiard balls up close.
The man in the light blue shirt gets into position with the cue stick and breaks the billiards balls and the balls go in many directions.
The man in the black shirt returns and inspects the table and then steps back.
The man in the light blue shirt prepares for his next shot by walking from one side of the billiard table to the other looking for his next shot.
He chalks the tip of the cue stick before taking his shot.
He then prepares for his next shot walking around the billiard table.
A woman is seen sitting down on the floor while holding a cat and cutting it's claws.
The woman continues to hold the cat cutting his claws and then gets up and runs away in the end.
A person is seen hanging on the side of a beam going down while another man holds him.
He then pulls the other man up and watches him jump off on the side on a bungee cord.
Three girls are standing together on a green floor talking with one another about a sport.
One person is then shown playing Field hockey and then comes back to talk about what she has just done.
Next,they go over the correct ways to defend the ball and then they all begin talking one by one about the sport again.
After,a screen appears with the question,"What if the game is tied?"and the young lady goes into detail for the answer.
Finally the questions are answered and they all come back together and close out the video.
A waterfall appears on screen next to a river with the title "H20 Adventures Savegre River" overlaid.
A group of people walk across a red suspension walking bridge above the river.
A group of people wearing life vests and holding oars listen to instructions.
Groups of people row inflatable rafts down the fast current river.
People stand on shore talking and drinking beverages.
Video credits appear on screen over video of a lizard on a rock.
The screen goes completely black after the credits end.
A black banner overlay with the word POWERCHALK written in white and green is across the banner.
When the banner overlay goes away a man jumps to the end of a diving board and then does a forward front flip and flips 5 times before he dives straight into the water in the pool.
There are a lot of spectators standing on the sidelines.
The video is shot in first person view along a snowy slope.
The person starts at the top of the slope, riding a tube.
They quickly slide down and travel through the snowy path.
At the bottom, a large pile of tubes stops the person from sliding further.
The camera pans to another group of people who have also finished sliding down the slope.
A woman is seen wearing a funny hat while speaking to the camera and sitting in a chair.
the woman then knits in her chair while ending with another picture of her.
Someone hits a bat against two balls.
The balls go to a loop in the ground.
They split apart and go different distances.
A group of men are in a sandy desert.
They climb on top of camels and ride them.
They ride the camels toward a set of pyramids.
A person is slicing bread with a knife.
They mix ingredients in a bowl.
They cook the bread on a grill.
They add a scoop of chocolate ice cream next to the sandwich.
a man is shown on a stage, playing a set of drums.
The woman to one side is playing maracas.
The man on the other side is playing an electric guitar.
An "IAAF" logo appears with the words "Long Jump Men".
Several men run down a track and perform a long jump in a professional sports venue.
A scoreboard graphic is shown for all the participating players.
A chef speaks to the camera.
She moves on to cut a lot of mushrooms.
She moves around the mushrooms she just cut up.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into him holding a cooking pan out a hot stove.
The man mixes ingredients together into a bowl and pours it into a pan while continuously stirring.
He pours the food onto a plate and still holds the pan in his hand.
A man bends down and picks up two kettle bells.
He raises and lowers the kettle bells.
He puts them down on the grass in front of him.
A girl does a balance beam routine and jumps around.
After stretching, the woman does four flips.
The woman dismounts and finishes the routine.
Four young women and a man are on the stage, while one girl is playing the guitar.
The lady in yellow began singing, then the lady in pink shirt.
When the girls are finished singing the crowd cheered.
man is standing talking to the camera showing a big metal piece.
te man in the room is playing the harmonica.
the man stops playing and keeps talking to the camera in a small white room.
A large flag is flowing in the wind.
A man is on a street, hitting a stick with another stick.
Two men engage in martial arts kick boxing, kicking and swinging and flipping.
old man is holding a green pole hitting a piñata in the middle of a room.
little kids are dancin and jumpin behind the man.
man givs the pole to a kid and other kids stands behind him.
A man sits in a chair while a standing man uses an electric razor on his beard.
The man gently shaves the other man's beard until it is gone.
The man sits in the chair, wiping himself off before standing up.
Two men plays soccer table moving the players on the rods.
A man wearing yellow shirt stroke the rod strong to hit the white ball.
A person stands on front the soccer table.
A young child is seen walking to the end of a diving board and looking off into the camera.
The boy then dives into the water and the camera captures him moving from underwater.
A boy in red overalls is playing hopscotch.
A woman walks behind him and sits down.
The boy finishes and reaches for the person filming.
Two young children are seen riding on a camel past a group of people and a man leading them along.
The man continues to lead the camel around with the children on top and ends with them climbing down and others walking up.
A camera pans all around a piece of exercise equipment followed by a woman riding on it.
A person is seen adjusting the settings of the bike as well as riding around and drinking water.
More shots are shown of the woman adjusting the machine as well as rolling it away and continuing to ride.
man is standing in a large field wlking and practicing a shot put.
man wearing red shirt is standing on a side.
men are pacticing in a large green grassy field.
Two large men are seen standing in a pit surrounded by others and one ref standing in the middle.
The men then bow before one another as people continue to sweep the arena and lead into the men fighting.
The men continuously wrestle one another while the ref moves around them and ends with them walking around then off stage.
We see a man performing Capoiera in a plaza.
The man is joined by a second man and the practice together.
The first man leaves and another man jumps in.
The two men finish and shake hands and hug.
Both men back out of the ring and a new man enters.
A man is seen wearing boxing gloves and hitting a bag in the middle of a large room.
The man continues to hit the bag while several others are seen hitting bags in the background.
He kicks and punches the bag and ends by walking towards the camera.
A man introduces himself to the camera and says he will show how to build a fire.
He begins to break his starting stick and put leaves at the bottom of his filled fire pit.
He turns on the lighter and starts at the bottom with the leaves.
We see the full fire at night.
The logo "FAB" appears with two crossed swords.
The words "Meyerco Machete Cut Test" follow on screen.
A man is trimming a damaged bush using a machette.
The man continues chopping the cut branch on a deck.
A large group of people are seen running around a sandy pit kicking a soccer ball around.
The people continue playing soccer with one another and wait for a call in the end.
We see two men in a TV studio talking.
We see people playing an indoor soccer game.
A man in black is running with his arms in the air.
A man in yellow slides on the ground.
The 10 in yellow throws a tantrum.
The yellow team all hug each other.
We return to the men in the studio.
A woman is seen pushing a lawn mower along some tall grass while moving back and fourth.
The woman continues pushing the machine around the yard and turns her back towards the camera to mow the back.
A man performs martial arts fighting with people in a film, then a big door close and a woman helps the man fight.
The man and the woman are on front a river fighting, and then hung his legs from a tree.
Cannons fires a home and a village, after an army fight in a field and cannons destroy homes in a village.
A man gives to the man a big gold coin, after the man fights with people.
People are working out on exercise bikes.
A man in a blue shirt is standing in front of them running around.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera and leads into her putting several ingredients inside a mason jar.
The woman uses tongs to layer items into the jar and then puts a lid on top.
The woman puts a ribbon around the side as well as a label and smiles to the camera.
The former president is seen walking in a large field next to a woman and surrounded by a large crowd.
The man gives a speech while people cheering and he shakes hands with others.
The man then shares a beer with other people around him.
A large group of people are seen swimming around a pool playing a game while the video pauses to show off players.
The camera continues to pan around the players swimming all around the pool throwing a ball and others reacting on the sidelines.
An athlete is standing on a field.
He is holding a large steel ball.
He spins and throws the ball, then walks around the track waiting for his next turn.
People are dressed up playing ping pong.
People are standing next to the table watching.
They continue to play and two of the men high five.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into him playing on a set of drums.
The man continues speaking to the camera with his hands and moving the sticks while looking around.
Inside a man and a woman are playing a game of raquet ball.
She begins to talk about it for a little bit very causally.
Then, she goes to practice hitting it by herself for a little bit.
This is a game she really enjoys to play, its a hobby.
A large group of people are seen standing on each side of a rope with many people watching on the sides.
The men then begin a game of tug of war with one another with one man helping teams on the side and ends with one team falling down.
A man talks to the camera from a kitchen.
The man demonstrates sharpening a knife with several sharpening tools.
The man talks to the camera again.
The man sharpens and then holds up a knife.
Several types of knife storage options are displayed.
The man talks to the camera some more.
A girl hits a piñata blindfolded while the piñata goes up and down in a backyard.
Then, the girl take off the cloth on her eyes and smile.
Various shots are shown of large crowd celebrating in the distance and people riding motorcycles around.
The people continue riding around in slow motion as the camera captures their movements.
The man with black apron is brushing the counter.
The man in apron smoothen the ski board, then brushed off the dust.
The man put polish on the board and continue to scrape and brush the board.
A close up of a person walking on a rope is shown followed by and old man speaking to the camera and more shots of the person walking.
More people are being interviewed while people walk behind them and show several more shots of people walking across a rope.
A man is seen outside in front of a porch pushing a mower back and fourth.
He runs the mower along the grass and moves up and down the lawn.
A man in a movie mask is seated by a flight of stairs.
He is playing an accordian for the people passing by.
A few pause to listen, then continue on their way.
A lady stands in a bathroom talking.
the lady shows the camera her brush and blow dryer.
The lady brushes her hair.
the lady blow drys her hair while she spins her hair on a brush.
The lady turns the blow dryer off and talks to the camera while she adjusts her hair.
The lady puts her brush down and talks to the camera.
A black screen appears with red and white letters on it that say "DISCUS THROW Example of CORRECTION of a DELIVERY PROBLEM for a beginner".
A young lady is now standing on a concrete circle and she begins swinging her red discus, then swings her body and then throws it.
A black screen appears with white letters that say "Out of several faults we select ONE problem", and the video continues to show the problem and words appear on the screen to explain them.
The same young lady is now standing in a different area holding a hand towel as she practices her swings and words on the screen give tips.
The girl is back on the concrete circle swinging her disc and she then throws the disc.
A black screen appears again with red and white words that say "OTHER SIMILAR EXERCISES ON THE SAME IDEA: FOCUS ON THE LOW POINT OF THE IMPLEMENT TRAJECTORY.
A boy is now standing on the concrete circle and he's practicing his swings with a shirt.
A man is now indoors and he's practicing his swings with a golf club.
The outro screen is mainly white with a black design on it and the name of the company and a person.
A young child is seen running up and down a bricked area while standing in front of a hop scotch game drawn out.
The girl then hops along the chalk while looking at the camera and holding her hair out of her face.
In the end she gives the person holding the camera a high give.
The lady talks to the camera.
We then see a pot.
We see spaghetti in a box.
We see salt in a cup.
The water is boiling in the bot.
She adds salt to the pot.
She adds pasta to the water.
We see the pasta box up close.
We see the lady set the timer.
She takes the pasta out of the pot.
She talks and waves bye to the camera.
Women mix a variety of alcoholic drinks for consumption.
Steps are shown for a beautiful whiskey sour.
a little boy is riding inline skates down a driveway.
He waves his arms, trying to keep his balance.
He runs, then falls on the skates.
A man plays the accordion on a stage in front of a music stand while wearing a red suit jacket.
A man sits on a chair on a stage and plays the accordion in front of a music stands.
The man runs his fingers up and down the keys and pulls the accordion open and closed with a free hands before ending the performance and rubbing his hair with his hand.
man is jumping wearing stilts on a sidewalk.
a calm green grassy field is behind the man wearinf stilts.
man is wearing white sweater and stilts and is in a green grassy park.
A band plays drums in a circle around a lead drummer.
The female drummers spinner their sticks while playing.
The drummers hold up their sticks after completing the song.
A marching band parades down the street.
People on both sides of the street watch the parade and applaud.
A camera pans around a dresser followed by several objects and ingredients being shown to the camera.
A woman is then seen painting the dresser with several coats and sanding it down.
She places the pieces together and ends by smiling to the camera.
A pinata is hanging from a tree, and a woman brings a girl with a stick over to it.
She helps her whack the pinata several times.
A person is seen riding in a tube down a river while the camera zooms in on a persons feet.
The people in tubes ride past others in the water.
More people are seen riding down the river in tubes.
A boy is inside an outdoor net.
He swings a ball on a rope very quickly.
He lets it go and watches as it flies across the field.
The credits of the clip are shown.
People load into orange canoes.
People row canoes on a body of water.
Two guys paddle their canoe.
The credits of the video are shown.
There's a woman dressed in black playing billiards in front of some spectators.
After she's done another lady takes her turn and hits a few shots.
The second contestant aims and shoots the ball in the hole.
She aims precisely and shoots the balls in the holes one by one, without missing a single shot.
She continues to concentrate and shoots the balls till only one ball is left on the billiards table.
A man kneels in his fencing gear.
A man walks up to him with his back turned as they talk.
The man stands, and engages in fencing with an opponent, both attached to cables behind them.
We see an animated opening sequence.
We see men riding snowboards on a ski slope.
We see a man riding on the back part of the snowboard.
We see a person in a bright pink jacket .
A man is snowboarding with bare arms.
Another man with no coat on is snowboarding.
We see the ending sequence.
A young child is seen sitting before a fooseball table when one hands her the ball and she puts it into the game.
The man then helps the girl play on the table by moving the poles all around and pushing the people.
A person is making a bow out of ribbon.
They tie the ribbon onto a wrapped package.
They tape the bow they made onto the package.
An intro leads into a horse tied up to a calf with a man roping a rope around the animal.
A man is then shown being interviewed on camera as well as an other woman beside him.
We see a man running on a track.
The man uses a long stick to perform a long jump.
We then see the man attempt and fail the long jump repeatedly.
We see the man's shirt get stuck on the pole.
A man is mowing the lawn.
He looks up and speaks to someone.
The man continues to mow the lawn.
A man with a orange shirt and black hat with glasses are outside standing in front of a green tree.
A lawn is shown and then the man begins to mow his lawn.
Once the man is finished he comes back to camera and starts talking.
A black screen appears with white words that read "SPORT BEZ BARIER CURLING NA WOZKACH".
An ice cleaner is now riding on an ice rink, and then people on wheelchairs start wheeling onto the rink.
A woman on a wheelchair begins speaking and the words on the screen say her name is "Agnieszka Kachel".
The rink is shown again and it shows gray objects with colorful tops are being pushed on the ice with sticks that the people in wheelchairs are holding and it switches back and forth to the woman talking alone and to the people on the ice playing.
A white outro screen appears with black letters that include a list of names, websites and logos.
children are playing in an olimpic pool and a woman is talking to camera.
kid is using sunscreen and a woman is talking about coppertone sunscreen recommended for kids.
A marching group of cadets in dark clothing comes into view in what appears to be a downtown city square.
A drum corp is heard drumming proudly as the cadets march down the street.
The marchers begin waving to the crowd and greeting the onlookers.
A long train whistle is heard as the cadets continue to wave to the crowd.
Behind the cadets, a marching band comes into view, dressed in white.
The band marches by while playing cadet songs.
We see people walking with rafts up an escalator on a snowy field in a rafting park.
A child almost falls on the left.
We see the crowded escalator from a distance.
We see a boy in a black coat running with his raft in tow.
Various shots of people standing together and moving around ice are shown as well as people playing shuffle board and yelling to one another.
Several people are interviewed on the camera that intervenes with shots of shuffleboard and people rubbing their necks and speaking to one another.
Two men are talking in front of a helicopter.
A man on a wake board is being pulled by a helicopter in and out of the water.
He drops from the rope and pulls a parachute and lands on the ground.
People are sliding down the ice.
They are holding a curling stick and a ball.
Two men in white shirts run next to the person sliding.
A small child seated at a table eats ice cream with a spoon while people walk by in the background.
A pair of adult hands briefly enter the camera frame in the foreground.
The child inserts her spoon into her ice cream container on the table.
The child complains about something.
The camera zooms in on the ice cream.
A girl does flips in front of a room full of children.
She uses a hula hoop to go in circles.
She acts silly as she demonstrates how she can use the hula hoop.
A lady is talking to the camera in a light room.
She turns around and grabs a handful of hair.
The lady starts braiding her hair adding more hair as she braids.
The lady pulls her braid in front of her and adds a hair tie.
She pulls her hair to loosen the braid and turns to the camera and smiles.
A man is shown speaking to the camera and leads into him standing in front of a bike frame.
He points to the frame while speaking to the camera and leads into him screwing objects into place.
The person continues to screw the frame as well as the chain while turning and speaking to the camera.
An animated intro screen has a lot of little Christmas pictures moving on it and white words appear that say "Decorating The Christmas Tree".
The same animation continues to play and the white words now appearing are "With Me,  My Sis, Mom & Chris".
In fast motion, there are people in a residential home and they are winding strings of white Christmas tree lights around a very full and grown tree.
When they are done with the lights, the begin to decorate the tree with ornaments until it's all filled with ornaments.
The camera is picked up and the man is now attempting to put a white star on the top of the tree while children are hanging around and talking.
The star is now on the tree, the camera is put back down, one of the girl hugs the tree.
An athlete walks onto a field.
He spins in circles around a platform.
He tosses a ball a great distance, and walks away.
An older woman peels a potato over a table.
She sets the knife down on the table.
Two people are chilling out on their skateboards.
They fix some of the parts and then go skating around.
man is riding a horse inside a barn and with a rope catch a bull.
man is standing on side of te barn.
A person grabs a disk from a pile of disks.
They throw it down a shuffle board.
The continue to throw disks down the shuffleboard.
A woman is seen sitting in a chair while a man uses various tools to pierce her ear.
The man finishes the piercing and the girl begins to turn in the end.
A man speaks to camera in front of bicycles.
The man places a part on a bicycle being worked on.
The man tightens the part on the bicycle.
We see a locker room, and the title screen.
We see a man winding up to throw the hammer in track and field on his third attempt.
After it's thrown we see men measuring the distance.
We then see his fifth attempt and the measuring.
We then see his sixth attempt and measuring.
The camera zooms in on the man as he shakes another mans hand.
We then see 8 men standing on platforms holding plaques.
Some people are skiing down a mountain and following each other.
They finish by going faster and faster until they finish.
Kids are shown in side of a gym playing indoor soccer.
One of the kids makes a great move to get around a defender and almost scores.
He is then shown scoring on a different occasion before the video ends.
Men blows dead leaves pushing a leaf blower machine on the ground or holding a machine on the back.
Then, a man explains how to operate a leaf blow machine while men continue blowing the leaves.
Another man explains while other men vacuum and blows leaves.
The cartoon of heroes fighting with an evil character.
The heroes fight and then sit on front a log.
A person serves an ice cream with a stick to a man, the cone falls to the floor.
The man gives another cone, then the man takes of the cone and gives back to the man.
After, the man gives the cone with a napkin, but he takes the cone again, after he gives the ice cream in his mouth.
Finally, the man gives the cone to the man while a crowd watch.
The man in black shirt and blue jeans is rolling an old red carpet and vacuum the floor.
He then unroll the new gray carpet, install it by cutting it and nailing the carpet on the floor, he removed the excess carpet on the wall, flattened it with a tool, then vacuum once the installation is complete.
A person makes spaghetti from scratch using flour, eggs, a blender and a pasta press.
A hand mixes flour in a bowl, adds eggs and mixes both ingredients with a mixer.
The hands then take the resulting ball of dough and kneads it, covers it in saran wrap and cuts it in pieces before rolling it flat with a rolling pin.
The person then takes the flattened dough and puts it in a presser, dusts it with flour, and puts it into a container and then a spaghetti press which produces many strands of spaghetti.
A scuba diver is under the water wearing oxygen in he mouth.
The diver is holding his eye mask, and put it on.
Another scuba diver took off his eye masks, while behind him are other scuba divers swimming, then he put back is masked on and give an okay sign with his fingers.
A shadow is on the ground, caused by a designed shrub.
A man is shown outdoors, showing off his multitude of decorative bushes in his yard.
He clips and measures them to make sure they look their best.
He finds two that look like boxers, and pretends to make them fight.
A black screen appears with white words that read "How to Paint a Paneled Door".
A man then appears in front of a red door that is leaning up against a wall that has plastic on it, and he's talking and touching the door.
The man then grabs a paint brush and begins painting on paints various parts of the door while continuing to talk.
The man stops painting, and begins talking as he points at a few things on the door.
A black screen appears with white words that include a website if someone wants more information.
man wearing a red shirt is standing in a large green field behind kids.
little blonde kid throw a ball and a kid kicks the ball in the field.
kisd are running in the field to catch th ball.
Several people are seen grabbing skis as well as cars lined up and people speaking to one another.
This leads into several clips of skiers riding down mountains one after the other.
People are shown riding together as well as a solo and ends with a man kicking at the camera.
A person's hands are seen playing a set of bongo drums and pausing to talk to the camera.
He presses a button on his phone and plays the drums again and ending with one final smack on the drum.
Two dogs wearing clothing run together up stairs.
The two dogs are shown running together amidst crowds in several different locations while following a man.
The man teaches one dog to pull another by the leash.
A goalie is shown saving several balls and being interviewed by a reporter.
Many shots are shown of boys playing soccer and being interviewed and leads into the coach being interviewed.
Many people enjoy watching the game and finish with more players being interviewed.
Various shots of landscapes are shown as well as people driving and other's being interviewed.
Several shots of people on the beach are shown and leads into people playing various sports on the beach.
The people play back and fourth while others interview and many watch on the sides.
A man cleans a large window using a long handle squeegee.
Then, the man uses a long steel wiper to clean the window from right to left.
After, the man takes a cloth and cleans the lower part of the window, then he continues cleaning the with a squeegee and a steel wipe.
A black and white filter pans over a soccer match going on in an indoor field.
Color is then shown as more people play soccer back and fourth shown in several shots.
A picture of a patio set is shown followed by a woman scrubbing down the tables and chairs.
She wipes them down with a rag and then shakes up a can and spray paints the furniture.
More close ups are shown of the furniture while text instructions pan over the screen.
A goalie is seen in several clips running back and fourth and blocking balls from getting by.
The player continues running back and fourth while another man sits in front of him.
man is scuba diving under water and saying hi to the camera.
people are scuba diving watching the  fishes are swimming between rocks.
people are under the sea scuba diving recording everything.
A working man carried a tray of coffee to a table with guest.
Another man is talking to some reporters with the microphone.
Another entrepreneur talks with the the reporters about the coffee business.
Then they are in the coffee shop them making coffee and working around.
A woman is parasailing in the ocean.
She goes through tough waves.
She goes over a large wave, which knocks her over.
Two people arm wrestle and take off clothes.
They get dressed up and go extreme kite flying in a hurricane.
The kites crash into the people once.
A man is standing beside a counter while holding a rag.
He picks up a container of polish and talks about the surface of the counter.
He rubs it down with polish and the two rags, then dusts it to a shine.
A person is rowing at the edge of a boat.
The person takes out a fishing hook.
The person starts fishing at his edge.
A woman is working out an elliptical machine.
A man is working out on an elliptical machine.
A person plugs a cell phone into the machine.
sailboat is in open sea with some people standing on it.
men are siting on te sailboat and are driving it and talking to each other.
A child goes and plays in a playplace.
She climbs, goes down slides, rocks back and forth, and has general merriment.
A woman holds a flute and practices the keys while lying down.
A woman in a formal dress holds up a flute and gestures while talking.
A woman plays the flute with exaggerated blowing.
A woman plays a flute in a room with other instruments hanging in the background.
The two women play flutes together.
The woman shake their hands with a cramp.
A camera captures a net in front of the sky and shows two people preparing ropes for bungee jumping.
The camera man jumps off the ledge and shows his feet while spinning around.
Another camera captured his jump from the bottom and leads into several people waiting at the bottom and driving away.
A man in green sitting at the end of the sand  square taking video, on the sides of the square are three men.
The young athlete in blue uniform run in a narrow lane, hopped and jump on the sandy ground.
There's a woman dressed in a beige sweater demonstrating how to wrap Christmas gifts.
she begins with cutting the gift wrapping paper neatly to fit the size of the box.
She folds the paper evenly to cover the entire box.
Then she uses scotch tape to seal the ends securely.
She takes some decorative ribbon and other decorative items to top the box to add a special touch to the presents.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera in a dealership and leads into several close ups of a car.
The woman then presents various tools and begins taking off the tire off of the car.
She pulls out a new tire and places it on the car, screwing it in place and showing where the tire is in the trunk.
She closes the trunk and shows off the car while still speaking to the camera.
men are on sides of a car polishing a blue car in a hand car wash.
blue car is inside a blue car wash and men are polishing it.
men are holding clothes on them hands cleaning the car.
A man in gear is shown pointing two guns.
He is hiding behind rocks, sneaking up on other paintball players.
They shoot at each other as he goes back behind the rocks to hide.
A man wearing boxing gloves is seen hitting a bag in an empty room.
He continuously hits the bag over and over again while pausing in between punches to catch his breath.
A female athlete is in a field and she begins to throw a shot put.
The lady spins and spins in slow motion as words are shown at the top describing each phase needed to throw a shot put successfully.
A man drops a tennis racquet with ball then hits the ball.
Another person does the same trick and then shows that he is from Serbia.
A man is standing at a counter.
The store front is shown to the door.
the man is still at the counter talking.
A man is runnign around a course with a gun.
The man is still talkign at the counter.
A man in the course is aiming his gun.
The man at the counter is showing a particular gun.
A man at the course is running around aiming and shooting his gun.
The man at the counter is still holding the gun talking.
The man on the course runs around and shoots.
The man at the counter continues to talk with the gun in his hand.
The man at the course peers around a corner aiming his gun.
The man at the counter is talking and motioning with the gun in his hand.
A man stands on the roof of a building, and two others appear.
They are flying kites in the air over the brick building.
The men make the kites dip and dive as they talk and interact.
A large group of people are seen wandering around an arena when a man steps up to a weight.
The man lifts the weight over his head and throws it on the ground.
Several more men are seen attempting to lift the weight with others succeeding and cheering and others dropping the weight.
A man claps after performing a high jump on the field.
We are shown the instant replay in slow motion a couple of times.
He walks onto the field, shaking hands with his competitors.
A male is shown deep underwater in a pool doing a breast stroke.
As he is swimming,a man in an orange polo is standing on the outside describing his technique.
We see a male gymnast prepare to use the pommel horse.
The man mounts the pommel horse and spins his legs around it.
The man does a handstand and dismounts.
The man takes a bow and starts walking away.
People are walking next to a bull.
There is a large group walking behind the bull.
There is another bull and they start fighting.
The crowd is rallying around the bulls.
A man in a red shirt is talking into a microphone.
A man is putting a black shirt on.
Two people are seen walking around a yard in front of a board.
Another man walks in and the group are seen laying up a fence.
The men continue to put boards up on the fence and end by presenting it to the camera.
The credits of the clip are shown.
A guy stands next to horses with a clipboard.
A guy walks under a horse fence.
A person leads a horse.
The guy gets on top of the horse.
The guy pats the horse and goes horseback riding.
People go horseback riding down a trail.
A young man plays drums on a stage with lights dancing in the background.
He finishes and stands up playing air drums.
A dealer is dealing cards at a blackjack table.
People are sitting around the table playing.
A man in a white shirt is standing up next to the table.
We see a dark title screen.
We see titles in the screen and see the men.
We see two men fighting MMA in a ring.
The large man is losing his grip on the smaller man.
The referee comes to the men and waves his arms.
We see the outcome of the game on the screen.
The smaller fighter hugs another man.
We then see the closing ending credits.
A woman is sitting in a room talking.
There is a white cat on the bed behind her.
She starts braiding her hair to the side.
She continues talking and blows a kiss to the camera.
A man is seen backing away from the camera while speaking and holding a hula hoop.
The man then swings the hula hoop all around himself while walking to the camera.
Another man walks into frame and hula hoops with the man while still looking at the camera.
The man in white shirt is strumming the bongo drum.
At the counter the man is sitting behind the counter.
The man playing bongo hit one drum then the next, then he beat the drums fast.
We see a bottle of face wash.
We see a person holding face wash then putting it on their face.
They rinse the face and add the face wash with a brush.
We see an illustration on how to add the wash using a brush.
We see the ending credits.
A close up of people are shown sitting on a snowy hill and looking to the camera.
The people then all ride in tubes down the snowy trail with one moving around at the bottom.
A rustic static bike of wood is in a room.
Then, a man pedal the bike while showing the handle.
Then the man sits on the bike to pedal and then stands.
A man in a large green field practices over seven hammer throws in the field with a measuring tape in front of him stretched along the ground.
A bare chested man in black track pants spins a hammer throw around and around until he releases into a field in front of him.
The man then goes on to perform at least six more hammer throws in the same way in the same location.
A person is seen mixing various ingredients into a blender as well as rolling rough up into a ball and speaking to the camera.
The man speaks to other chefs and instructs them on how to roll a ball of rough.
He then puts the dough in a machine to make spaghetti and then puts them in a plate to present.
A man and a little boy play badminton in an indoor court.
The little boy serves and returns the ball well.
The little boy miss a ball that ends in the net, then the man recovers the ball and they continue playing.
Dozens of people are seen riding up a large, dusty hill while the camera pans around people riding on dirt bikes.
The people ride all along the path while several others watch on the side and follow the riders as the continue riding along the track.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera while holding up a box and newspaper.
The woman then begins cutting the news paper and place the box in the middle.
The women wraps up the box with the news paper and tapes it down on the sides.
A container of hair styling cream is shown by a stylist.
She applies it to a seated brunette's skin.
She then demonstrates how it works.
A man is standing in the gym alone and begins talking to the camera.
He then puts his fist up and begins shadow boxing as he moves around the room.
Next,he adds his feet and starts to kick the air and does twist as if someone is there hitting him.
Finally,he comes back to the screen slightly out of breath to end the video.
A woman is shown riding a camel past pyramids in Egypt.
The camel walks as the woman leans forward.
And hand covers the lens as the harness is shown.
A close up of a person's feet are seen as well as text on the screen.
The person is seen taking the laces off and running the shoes under water.
The person mixes ingredients into a bowl and scrubs the shoes using the tooth brush.
She then sticks the shoes in the wash and shows them off afterwards.
A boy with a gardening pot is watering her bush outside in the yard.
He and another boy get together and the other boy begins to start playing croquet while he talks.
Another taller boy comes and joins them and talks about the game.
Then, They start to hit balls rying to make it through the obstacles.
A group of boys are playing ball on a court.
They are being guided by their coach.
They run with the balls, trying to make baskets.
A man kneels on one knee in a room and talks to the camera.
The man raises his right arm and reaches to the ground with his left hand.
The man switches and does the other side.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera and leading into clips of her running.
Close ups of her feet are shown as well as more clips of her speaking and running.
She's shown packing up a car and showing off her tools as well as her gear while still running on the road.
A large group of people are seen standing around and smiling to one another.
They begin playing a set of drums while another man is seen playing the piano.
More people are seen on the sides dancing to the music.
An Aurora Borealis is seen over a northern landscape.
A man shovels snow from his porch with a snow shovel.
The man shovels snow from  a stair case with a snow shovel.
The man finishes the job and shows his muscles.
A dog holding a cup in its mouth jumps up on a couch.
The dog proceeds to eat something in the cup.
Various clips are shown of young people dancing and partying with one another as well as drinking and playing beer pong.
More shots are shown of people looking and speaking to the camera while playing pong and drinking beer with one another.
There's a man in a green shirt talking and being interviewed by another man dressed in a black jacket and gray pants.
They are seated on chairs in a large room with wooden floors.
The entrance of the Valqueire Tennis club is shown.
The ID card of the person being interviewed is also shown.
The man in green continues talking about soccer to the interviewer.
Brazil versus Venezuela soccer game is shown.
The man in green talks about a newspaper article related to the soccer as clips from the soccer game are shown.
A man in a yard starts his lawn mower.
The man mows his lawn with headphones on his ears as his dog walks around the yard.
the dog runs to get out of the way of the lawn mower and leaves the scene.
Two men do maneuvers on a canoe pivoting the canoe helping with the paddlers.
Then, the men  pivot the canoe away from the bow paddlers while paddling fast the oars.
After, the men slides the canoe forward using the oars to advance.
Next, the men sail on the river until arrive to the bank of the river.
A man is seen standing in a gym holding a racket while the camera pans out to show two men.
The men move around one another in the gym hitting a ball off the wall.
The two continue hitting the ball around and walking around to hit it.
A brush is attached to a power drill for scrubbing.
The top of the sink is scrubbed then the bowl.
It is wiped with a towel to finish.
An older woman throws a white ball towards a green cup.
A young boy gives her back the ball.
The woman throws the ball again.
She does a dance and throws it again.
She again throws the white ball.
The young boy hands the woman the ball and she throws it again.
The older woman starts laughing.
People are riding on horses in a field.
A person in a red shirt is standing next to the horse.
A man in a black hat is next to the horse.
Mountains are seen in the background and a boy rides in a car.
Skateboarders ride down through a parking garage together.
The skateboards ride down a hill the skid at the bottom.
The boy sets his board standing upright.
A boy skateboards through the bleachers of a stadium.
A man is in a room with a crowd of people watching him as he prepares to perform.
The male stands up right and puts a blue plastic chair between his legs and starts spinning around his head.
Once he is done,another person comes up and he begins spinning around on his head as a colorful hula hoop begins spinning around his waist.
He completes his performance and the crowd jumps up and congratulates the man.
The green and white team gets off the floor.
The green and white team are pulling the rope in a tug of war contest.
The red and black team are pulling the rope in a tug of war contest.
The green and white team are repeatedly taking steps and the audience is cheering.
The green and white team are standing holding the rope.
A man is raking leaves in a large yard.
He uses the rake to push the leaves into piles.
He continues to rake, clearing a path of dirt underneath.
man is in a big stadium waking in the field.
men are playing criquet in a field rnning on side to side with a lot of audience sitting on stands.
A person is carving a pumpkin.
We see two people side by side carving pumpkins.
We see from inside the pumpkin as they are being carved.
We see five pumpkins on a couch and in the dark lit from the inside.
We see a closing title screen.
A snow piled lawn is shown.
A man on a tractor is pulling a kid on a tube over mounds of snow over and over.
It ends with the boy close up, and another eating cereal from the top of a staircase.
We see people in bumper cars at a carnival.
The camera pans left and we see the driving court.
A person in purple drives past the camera.
A girl smiles at the camera as she drives past.
A cat is sitting in a cat bed.
It is licking its paw.
It then wipes its paw on its ear.
A woman is seen standing ready on a diving board and leads into her holding out her arms and performing an impressive dive.
The woman is seen several more times diving into the pool and coming to the surface.
A woman is standing at a table, putting food into a large pita on a plate.
An older woman demonstrates how to cut onions, peppers, lettuce, carrots, tomatoes, etc into chunks.
The vegetables are places in a processor and pureed into a bowl.
The mix is blended and put on the table to be served on the tortillas.
The women sit at the table and talk as they eat.
A little girl is sitting on a bed with her eyes closed.
A woman kneels down and puts eye liner on the girl.
The girl opens her eye and smiles.
A picture of a man is seen and leads into a man bending down on a lawn and performing various dance moves.
The man sings along while performing his routine and is then seen running across the yard with a lawn mower.
More dancing and singing is seen, a picture of holding cards is shown, and ends with him cutting the grass and holding down with a friend.
cars covered by a thick snow is shown and a man is cleaning the snow with a shovel in the windshield and all the car.
car is going in street.
A person is seen sitting a top a slide and begins riding down the slide.
She meets another person at the bottom while laughing to the camera and another person running in.
We see the title introducing us to Jesse.
Jesse the dog runs and catches Frisbee.
We see Jesse close up in the camera.
Jesse is running around catching the Frisbee the lady throws.
We see five still shots of Jesse jumping in the air.
Jesse continues to run around with his Frisbee.
We see the end credits on a black screen.
We see a lady washing a white towel in a sink.
The lady lifts the towel up.
The lady picks something up off the floor.
The lady wrings out the towel in the sink.
the lady then walks away.
People are playing golf on the grass.
A man hits the ball with a club.
A man in a white hat walks behind him.
A teen girl sits on the floor holding a shoe.
She is then shown wiping the shoe down with a cleaning solution.
She shows the shoe close up after she is done.
A painter demonstrates various art pieces in her studio.
She sits in her studio, speaking.
She grabs a paintbrush and dips it into black paint repeatedly, as she paints a black tree.
She grabs a sponge and dips it into green and blue paint while painting the leaves on the tree.
She moves on to grab the paintbrush and dips it into black paint repeatedly, and moves on to paint another tree.
With the same paint brush, this time dipping it into green paint, she paints the pines of three.
She finishes her painting and speaks for a bit.
An advertising screen appears momentarily as the video begins.
A group of men are shown kicking a ball back and forth in a stadium.
The men run after the ball, attempting to capture it from the opposing team.
A yellow circle is shown around a particular player.
A gymnast is seen leaning across a long beam and begins performing a gymnastics routine.
The girl flips and tricks along the beam while others watch on the side.
The woman continues moving along the beam and ends by jumping off the side and walking off the stage.
Two men push a small private helicopter out of its shed.
They land on a beach, then fly it over the clear ocean water.
They skydive, opening their parachutes as they get closer to the water.
They then scuba dive to the bottom and put on scuba gear to explore the ocean floor.
Two young guys stand together and hold up money.
The young guys talk to a homeless man and shake his hand.
The men talk with a homeless youth sitting outside a store.
The group all walks together down a street.
The men hold an arm wrestling contest standing on an outside patio.
The man wins and both contestants are given prize money.
A guy is giving a lesson about snow boards he puts a big rub brand on the board to hold the foot placers in place.
the guy shows the difference between snow boards and put them on a object to smoothing out the bottom of the board for better skiing.
A man wipes the bottom of a ski.
He puts polish on the bottom of the ski and rubs it in.
He takes a paper towel and wipes the bottom of the ski.
A group of surfers are on their boards surfing waves.
One of the surfers is swallowed by one of the waves.
Two surfers surf close to each other and are knocked down by a wave.
A surfer is casually swimming when a wave crashes straight into him.
A surfer attempts to surf but is quickly thrown off his board by a wave.
A man wearing glasses is seen stepping into frame and playing an accordion.
The man continues to play while looking off into the distance and stops by smiling to the camera.
A black screen appears with the white letters and numbers that say EXAM 2012.
An outdoor of a two story older building is shown and the white letters on the screen say Bolshoi Ballet Academy.
A blonde woman is shown sitting at a piano and as she begins to play a bunch of young women are shown dressed in their ballet gear and are dancing ballet on a stage while people watch them.
Some of the girls are shown putting on tutus that stick straight out, they walk onto the stage and begin dancing as their tutus that stick straight out bounce with them.
The women end their ballet routine, and they all walk to the side of the stage to grab the hand of the woman, they all routine to the stage, take a bow, and all the ballet dances celebrate their performance and give on another hugs.
A close up of a christmas tree is shown followed by close ups of ornaments.
Two people are then seen moving around the tree decorating as well as turning the lights off.
They finish decorating the tree and playing with one another and laughing.
In the end close ups of the trees are shown as well as a bear.
A group of runners are on a street, and a boston marathoner who has broken a record is shown talking in an interview after celebrating.
News casters are shown talking about the man and others as they reach the end of the marathon.
The runners are shown as a group, as men dressed as british solders enact a play for the crowds.
A video of the UConn women's field hockey team is shown.
The coach talks to the players and they have a practice.
A person's hands demonstrates how to stye and comb a blonde haired doll.
The person's hand begins to brush the doll's hair with a pink bristle brush before holding up a bottle of hair styling product.
The hand sprays some of the hair style product on the doll's hair and then proceeds to brush the hair again.
The hand then turns the doll around to showcase the finished style, the hand also gestures to areas around the dolls hair.
kids are playing hurling in a large green field.
kids are sanding al in front of the goal to make a free shot.
kids are posing for a picture in the green field.
A woman is seen stepping into a pit with a large man and then begins running around one another.
The woman then climbs on top of the man while he spins her around and she gets him in a head lock.
The two bow to one another and the woman stands next to the host shaking his hands.
We see an opening title screen.
We see steps to carve a pumpkin.
A person cleans a pumpkin.
We see step and a person carves the pumpkin.
We see another step and person uses carved bits to make cat ears.
We see the ending title screen.
Several people canoe down a lake interspersed with several still photos of the lake stats and features.
Several still photos of the lake are shown which includes browned and dry weeds/marsh and calm blue water along with a shallow body of water heavy with rocks.
Two canoes with people in them are shown in the lake.
An art mural of a blue and yellow fish is shown along with more still shots and video of people on the lake.
Three men are applying plaster to the ceiling of an unfinished room while another man watches.
One of the men climbs a ladder to reach the ceiling.
One man performs a short dance.
The camera moves to reveal that the man dancing and another one of the men are using stilts to reach the ceiling.
A man and a woman are standing in a living room with large sumo costumes on.
The girl jumps up and then the man tries it to see how heavy the uniform is.
Next,the man holds up a bag of lemons and begin to talk before they put their head equipment on.
Now,it is time for the match and they begin wrestling with one another.
However,they've added a feature to the match and each person has to put lemons in the other's hat to gain points.
After several attempts,the girl wins and the score is 4 to 0.
Now begins round two and the outcome is the same as the girl cheats to win.
A group of people begin to walk in a room and they begin to play a game of Foosball.
The game begins to intensifies and the men begin to look at each other in the eye as they start to make goals.
Once the first game is finished,another set of men begin to compete and starts to clip the ball over the people.
Next,women join and starts to roll the ball on the edge of the table as they make goals.
Finally,a man appears with a Nokia phone recording the game and shows video options of different tricks that were performed.
A seated man is talking to a room full of soccer players.
They kick the ball around in their locker room.
The man talks to the camera about the game.
He walks out, and a game is shown in progress as he discusses it longer.
Men are shown talking, playing the game, and posing for a team photograph at the end.
Two men play ping pong on front a crowd.
When the person with black jacket serves, the ball lands on net, also the young man fails to serve well and the ball lands outside the table.
The young man wins and raise his hands, while his opponent hug him.
People take picture to the men.
A young man is seen speaking to the camera and begins holding a cigarette.
The man takes a puff from the cigarette while still speaking to the camera.
The man continues smoking while looking off and speaking to the camera.
A dog is getting a bath outside.
Soap is worked through the coat and then washed off.
A man works on a kite.
Another man holding a baby holds up the kite's spool.
A third man works on a similar kite while the second man holds a spool.
The men fly the kites from a rooftop.
The scene changes to a nighttime view of the sky with some unidentified light.
A man and woman are standing in a starkly white room.
They lay plastic on the ground and fill a tub with white paint.
They then demonstrate how to hang a strip of wallpaper onto the wall.
An elderly white woman with short blonde hair and glasses begins talking in the corner of the gymnasium.
The small girls then enter the gym and a male coach begins assisting them as they walk across the balance beam.
People are standing on a colorful mat.
A woman does a karate move.
A child standing behind her raises his hand.
