He teaches her how to properly hold the bow and the woman takes several turns shooting the bow and arrow.
She cheers and continues shooting while the man speaks to her and shakes her hand as they walk away.
A man is seen walking with a chair and puts it in the middle of a bowling lane.
He high fives the audience and throws the ball over the chair and hits all the pins.
He same shot is shown several times and he sits down in his chair laughing.
A young ballerina wearing a tutu is seen standing at a ballet barr performing various ballet moves and moving to the floor.
She continues moving around the floor dancing and leads to her holding a razor and putting lotion on her legs.
She shaves her legs while moving her legs around and continues dancing with the razor in sight.
A cat is laying on its back on the couch.
A person picks up the cat and lays it on their lap.
They start clipping the cats nails.
This video shows you how to make spaghetti with sausage with a simple tomato sauce.
First she puts the sausage on a baking sheet that has aluminum foil on it and she puts it in the oven.
Next she pours tomatoes into a small blender and she blends them up.
Then she pours crushed red peppers and garlic into the skillet and she pours the tomato sauce into it.
Then she stirs it up and takes the sausage out to cut them into tiny pieces and she lets them cook some more.
Finally she puts them into the skillet with the pasta and cooks everything together creating a nice meal.
A graphic is seen with drawings of mushrooms and plants.
A tall pine tree is seen.
A match is lit and a young man holds up another lit match along with sticks then blows it out.
The young man builds a ring of rocks near a tent.
The camper then shows various sized sticks in his hands and others that he breaks in two.
The young man breaks sticks with his foot and carries them to the campsite.
The young man builds a fire with the various sized sticks in the fire ring and lights it.
The fire burns into the night.
A bartender is shown speaking to the camera while pouring ice into a glass and various liquids into a blender.
He pours more ice into the blender and mixes up the liquids all together.
He pours out the liquid and places a straw into the glass while the camera pans around.
The woman in white shirt is standing, then kneel down next to a big plastic bag on the ground.
She opened the bag, put the content of the bag in the uneven hole on the ground, and flatten it using her gloved hand.
She looked at the camera and talked while she's kneeling next to the plastic bags.
She put another bag on the ground, flatten them using her hand until the area is covered.
She walks forward, bend sideward to flatten some more dirt.
We see two opening screens for poker at a casino.
We see the dealer speak and deal cards.
We see a large jackpot sign.
We see the dealer shuffle the cards.
We see the man peek at his cards.
The man peeks at his cards again.
The dealer turns over the players cards.
We see the closing screen for the casino.
The outside of homes is shown by a woman in a pink shirt.
She is painting one of the houses with blue paint.
She is holding a bucket of paint.
We see people standing in an aerobics class.
The teacher starts and the class follows.
While standing on the step the people swing their hands.
The class swings their arms again.
The man in red walks off to the left.
The class finishes and stop dancing.
The teacher walks to turn off the camera.
A person in an orange protective suit and a metal black mask solders something in an industrial setting.
A person stands next to a black box in a metal helmet as fire sparks erupt from a wired box on the right.
A large grey wheel spins behind the worker in the midst of the fire sparks and another worker walking by in a blue protective suit.
A person is seen blow leaves around a yard using a leaf blower sitting on his back.
The camera follows him as the man moves up and down the yard blowing leaves all around the area.
A woman and a young girl are each walking a dog in a grassy area.
They approach another woman sitting in a chair.
She pets one of the dogs.
Another woman is sitting behind the woman that pets the dog.
The woman with the dog walks over and takes the leash of the second dog from the young girl and walks away with both dogs and the young girl still holding part of a leash.
A man is standing off to the side watching.
The woman and the young girl, each with a dog again, stop in the grassy area, talk and then continue walking.
A woman is sitting on the floor with her shoes off.
The woman puts one shoe on.
Something is thrown at the woman and she attempts to catch it.
The camera briefly shifts right to show another individual.
The camera returns to the woman still putting the shoe on.
The camera shifts right to several individuals in the room, waiting for the woman to put her shoes on.
The camera shifts back to the woman, still putting her shoe on.
The woman begins putting the other shoe on.
A mountain full of snow appears and a man begins skiing down the slopes.
As he skis,more men appear before he reappears by himself.
Once alone,the man skis rapidly down the slopes and does spins and kneels as he skis.
Eventually,he goes to fast and ends up flipping over into a pile of snow.
A girl sitting int eh driver seat of a car is talking on her phone on speaker.
She hangs up and starts talking out loud and then her and her friend are walking through a parking garage.
The girls are walking and talking through the mall, then they go to Claires to get ears pierced.
They continue walking around the mall for a while.
We see an image of a lady and a child.
The lady fades, the child plays a flute and we see a man.
The man is crying as the child plays, We see the people in the sky.
We see a man and woman embracing in the sky.
We see images of nature.
The people in the sky bow and dance.
The man lays down in a prayer position.
The child finishes playing the flute.
A man is sitting on the stairs playing a harmonica.
He stands up and continues playing it.
Words come up on the screen.
A man lays a Coca Cola bottle on a bundle of hay.
The man shots an arrow from a bow.
The arrow uncaps the bottle.
A woman in a lab coat is in a hospital recovery room.
She soaps up her hands well with soap.
She then rinses and dries them thoroughly.
A gymnast is seen standing with his arms out and hops on a board.
He then begins spinning himself around while judges watch on the sides.
He continues his routine and jumps down with his arms up.
A pilates instructor on skates explains how to strap your risk protectors tight and shows that you need knee pads to protect your knees.
The lady then explains the skates movement and how to use the breaks that is in the back of the skates.
finally the lady shows you the right way to skate to have fun.
We see an opening title scene.
We see people riding horses through the mountains.
We turn and see the canyon and river.
A person in blue turns around a few times.
We see a large white mound of snow.
The person in the blue shirt looks up the mountain.
We see a blue bar at the bottom of the screen.
We see the ending title screen.
A woman uses a rolling pin to roll out dough onto the counter.
Another woman is taking something off of a baking sheet.
The credits of the clip are shown.
Guys are break dancing on a stage in front of an audience.
A guy breaks dance right off the stage and exits.
The credits of the video are shown.
Two people are seen sitting in front of cameras playing instruments while the camera zooms in.
The man then sings to the camera while playing his instrument and speaks to the camera, ending with the two playing again.
A woman is standing outside in front of a building.
She begins dancing with hula hoops.
She finishes and words come on the screen.
A man is seen doing various flips and tricks on a gym floor while others practice behind him.
The man continues slipping around the room while people walking him stop and watch.
Outside in oak creek there is some bikers getting ready yo race down the dirt.
When the gates go down they all go as fast as they can through the obstacle of dirt.
There are a few people sitting by in the stands watching as the bikers go off.
They even show some of the kids waiting and having a good time watching the race.
A view of a wide berth of trees in a forest is shown.
A woman walks out holding a hula hoop.
She begins using the hoop seductively while dancing.
She spins, flips, and does cartwheels while using the hoop.
She finishes her performance with a frozen, upward staring pose.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera while holding a violin and continues with her playing the violin and pausing.
The woman continues playing the instrument and stopping to speak to the camera and demonstrate how to play.
A person install a carpet using a machine.
The person cuts a piece of stained carpet.
Then, the person replace with a new piece and bush.
People are working out in a gym.
They are stepping up and down off of black step stools.
They raise their hands and stop dancing.
The credits of the clip are shown.
People are spinning on exercise bikes.
The credits of the video are shown.
A man is standing at a toy machine before he looks up and runs, jumping over a counter.
He grabs a bowling ball and begins bowling.
The men do backflips and slide as they bowl, sometimes rolling the balls under each other.
One is blindfolded before making a strike, then the other does hand stands on the equipment.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while people practice basketball drills intermittently.
The man ties a rope around a ball and continues having him perform layups on the court.
More clips are shown of them practicing while the man speaks to the camera.
A text intro leads into a person seen sitting on an exercise bike.
The person speaks to a class she is speaking while peddling her feet.
The woman continues moving her feet as well as others in the class.
The credits of the clip are shown.
A guy holds a lacrosse stick and instructs.
A guy moves a ball with the lacrosse stick.
A guy tosses a ball into a goal.
We see a little boy standing on a platform on a jungle gym.
The boy climbs across on the monkey bars.
The boy reaches the other platform and turns and smiles for the camera.
The credits of the clip are shown.
Cars move on a road adjacent to a home.
A person is power washing.
The person is soaking up water and debris with a vacuum.
A man is painting the wall, light blue.
The man is painting the wall and floor of a roof, black.
The credits of the video are shown.
A young child is seen running around a back yard on a large set of stilts.
The boy continues bouncing around as the camera captures him as well as running.
A cat is shown close up with a person's hand cutting the nails on the cat.
The person continues cutting the claws while the cat attempts to get up several times.
A woman wearing overalls is talking to the camera.
She lays out wrapping paper, showing how to wrap a toy in it.
She wraps it around the toy, then tapes it up.
A close up of a dog is seen with a person holding a razor.
The person then holds up the dogs face and begins trimming around it's eyes.
The person continues shaving and ends by combing it's face.
A close up of a sink is shown followed by a person turning on a faucet and grabbing the camera.
She faces a table and sprays down a rag followed by pushing the rag along the floor.
The woman continues cleaning the floor and walks back to the camera.
A woman is seen sitting in a chair looking down with others beside her.
The camera pans all around the people sitting and leads to one putting an objects on his leg.
She rips off the object showing the hair as well as his leg and others laughing.
Three individuals sit on stage and have a conversation.
Two boys dance in the same fashion.
An image of a man is incorporated into the screen with the dancers.
The man cover his face with his hand.
The man and woman gesture the dancers hand movements.
This man gets off his seat and knees.
The man gets of his knees and sits back down.
The man and female touch hands while sitting.
The man claps his hands together.
The man waves at a man backstage to join them.
A standing man who is backstage claps.
The two boy dancers are shown extending one hand.
A man walks from backstage.
The man shake hands and hugs one of the man on stage.
The female stands and also hugs the man.
A man stand and then sits.
The man in a black suit dances and then sits.
The man in a brown suit returns to the backstage area.
The man is shown while backstage.
The show's name is shown.
A woman talks and shows a little bottle.
Then, the woman put on her eyes white contact lenses and continues explaining.
A little girl in gray and printed coat is standing at the center of dry leaves, she walked away from the pile of leaves, grab handful and put it on one side.
A woman in gray sweater and blue pants walk from the girl's behind then towards her, the lady is carrying a rake.
The little girl came up to her and try to reach for the rake.
The woman adjusted the handle of the rake to make it shorter and handed to the girl.
The little girl tried to rake but it wouldn't move so the woman sat beside the girl and take the rake from her, while the little girl got distracted by the kids running down the street.
The little girl continue to rake, while the lady take a bigger rake and started to rake the leaves.
A woman talks in a bar, then she puts ice in a stainless steel glass.
Then the woman adds to the cup two measures of liquor, juice and sugar.
After, the woman puts a cup on top and shake it, and serves in a cup with a slice of lemon.
A man is bent down on a mat.
He picks up a large weight and lifts it over his head.
He drops the weight onto the ground.
A man in a blue shirt claps.
Outside as a group looks on, a man lifts a guy onto his shoulder and throws him on a table which breaks.
Outside, a male back flips on a trampoline and lands on his face.
Two men lay the male down and look at his face, and another person moves a laying individual to look at the male's face.
A camera pans away from a set of exercise equipment and leads into a woman's feet moving along.
The woman is then seen using the machine as well as adjusting the settings and continuing to run.
A few people are seen standing in a large pit with a bull inside and many watching on the sides.
The man walks closer to the bull and the bull attacks several people while they also try to pull him down by his head and tail.
They finally all break away at once.
An d for About dot com starts with a man in white speaking to the camera in front of a white background.
The video then shows a series of professionals working hard and then cuts to two women running on the beach.
A shot of a cyclist is shown and then it cuts back to the same man in white speaking.
A woman is shown running and the man continues speaking about fitness tips.
Hiphop dancers perform in front of a crowd.
They are all doing the same basic dance and having pictures taken of them.
An athlete is seen standing in a circle and spinning herself around and around.
She throws an object off in the distance and is shown again in slow motion.
She walks back while cheering and others hold up a flag.
A female weight lifter is preparing to lift a barbell.
She lifts with her knees, raising the bar to her chest.
She then stands, lifting it over her head before dropping the barbell back to the ground.
A male athlete is shown and he spins around and throws the discus.
Once complete,two people rush out to measure the distance.
The sequence is then continued and other men are shown throwing the discus.
There's a teenage boy wearing a black beanie hat skateboarding through the city streets.
He skateboards wearing a white shirt while jumping over a small cement wall.
Then he jumps over another wall while skateboarding.
Then in a green shirt, he skateboards past a school, straight into a basketball court and then jumps over a metal railing.
Then back in a white shirt, he tries stunts by jumping up to a metal hand rail on his skateboard.
Two women are riding on the back of a four wheeler, and waving.
A man is shown posing with several people, going to a field to play paintball.
The people gear up and hide behind obstacles, shooting at one another.
A person is doing flips on a stage in front of people.
People are standing in the corner playing the drums.
A man does a hand stand on the stage.
Several pictures are shown of nails close up and leads into a person painting text onto a nail.
The person shows close ups of nail polish and continues painting on the nail.
The woman finishes her design and shows off another picture of nails.
A man sits in a kayak and holds his oar in a river showing how to use it properly.
The man leans back in his kayak to show balance techniques.
The kayak rider paddles into the white wash below a water fall and flips over then rights himself again.
A girl is seen kneeling before the camera and leads into her walking around her house.
She zooms in on an oven and is shown taking a pan out full of cookies.
She lays out a plate to clean off follows by grabbing the cookies and laying them on the plate.
a man and a woman are sitting in front of a piano playing it together.
people are gathered around the piano watching the people sitting on the piano.
people on the piano stands and change the position in fornt of the piano.
A close up on the inside of a space ship is shown followed by a woman with crazy hair speaking into the microphone.
She then plays a song on a flute with shots of another man in a different location playing a flute.
The camera pans back and fourth between the two and ends with the man speaking to the camera, the woman waving back, and the man soluting.
First the man sets his timer that's attached to his chest and he sits down and puts his leg onto the ski.
Next he stands up while holding onto something and he starts water skiing as he gets pulled by the boat.
But, he eventually falls off and is seen standing in the water.
A man in a red jacket is talking on a hockey rink.
Several people start playing hockey on the ice.
He gives another player a hug.
A text intro leads into a boy sitting on a stool holding an accordion.
The boy then begins playing the instrument while looking away from the camera.
The boy continues to play while looking around the room and pulling the accordion around.
An old man with gray hair, wearing red shirt and black pants is dribbling the ball in an indoor court, he dribbled the ball side by side, between his legs.
He shoot the ball into the ring, then start dribbling again to side to side and between his legs, and shoot the ball into the ring.
A group of people are seen hanging out around an area with several standing around a beer pong match.
The people play beer pong back and fourth and a woman takes a drink in the end that is gross.
An intro leads into various pictures of girls with long hair as well as girls who have their hair braided together.
A girl's hair length is measured followed by more pictures of her long hair and speaking to the camera.
A set of hands is then seen cutting the girl's hair and showing her ponytail to the girl.
More pictures of the girl's new hair is shown as well as old pictures of her.
A young man irons a shirt on an ironing board in a hallway.
The man adjusts the camera and returns to ironing.
The man finishes ironing and turns the camera away.
A crowd gathers watching a volleyball game.
A volleyball player hits the ball.
The player's teammate also hits the ball.
The player hits the ball three more times.
The players teammate hits the ball.
The other player hits the ball over the net.
The ball returns and one of the players hits the ball.
The players teammate dives to hit the ball.
The other player hits the ball to the other team.
The ball returns and one of the players hits the ball out of bounds.
A close up of food is shown followed by two women speaking to the camera and presenting various ingredients.
The women then mix the ingredients into a pot after the noodles are cooked and then mix everything together in a bowl.
Finally the dish is shown on a plate in the end and the women eat the food.
A group of spectators are gathered in a gym.
A man and his teammates are pushing a puck.
They are engaged in a game of curling on the ice.
A man is seen speaking to the camera in front of a large pool while using his hands with enthusiasm.
The man continues to speak while using his hands and pans to the man swimming around the pool and back to talking.
A large group of people are see bouncing around on trampolines throwing dodgeballs to one another.
The camera pans around to the people on the outside and back onto the kids playing.
The building is being shown then the clock tower.
The young people are walking on the walkway in front of the building.
A young man is skateboarding on the road, going side to side moving his feet on the board.
An intro leads into a fox news segment with two anchors speaking.
A woman is then interviewed followed by several pictures of mushrooms and people speaking with one another.
A doctor examines a man and interviews the camera followed by people using household products and interviewing the reporter.
A girl with two braids going down her back is standing outside.
She turns toward the camera, and her hair is now down.
She lays in a stylist chair, showing how the style was done.
A woman swings on a swing set.
A baby swings beside her.
They are both wearing red.
The woman looks happy to swing.
A large group of people are seen standing around an area and lead into people playing tug of war.
People in costume cheer them on as they continue to play as well as showing people dancing in the city.
More pictures are shown of the event as well as people speaking to one another.
A man wearing a black shirt stands in a living room with a red and black accordion.
The musician sitting in a chair holding a black accordion and prepares to demonstrate how to play an accordion.
The man then demonstrates playing an accordian using a brown accordion.
A person is vacuuming in a hallway.
A toddler in pajamas runs past frantically, running into other rooms and jumping excitedly because he wants to be picked up.
He is angry when his mother goes into the bathroom with the vacuum.
The woman gives the boy the vacuum, and he vacuums the floors.
A lady discusses while standing in a kitchen adjacent to a sink.
The lady is holding a sponge while the sink water is running.
The lady is soaking dishes in soapy water.
Two young men arm wrestle in a kitchen using a standing cat chair as an table.
A young man in a white tank top places his elbow on a elevated cat chair along with another young man in a black shirt.
The two young men begin to arm wrestle.
The man in the black shirt wins the arm wrestling match at which point the man in the white tank top backs away and stands in front of a refrigerator next to a girl drinking a canned beverage.
A huge crowd is in the stands in an arena.
A man throws a javelin.
Photographers take pictures in the background.
Several men run to where the javelin lands.
The man that threw the javelin celebrates.
Another man throws a javelin.
People walk all around doing different things.
Several men run out to where the javelin lands again.
The second man to throw the javelin and a man in the stands celebrate.
A third man throws a javelin so hard that he falls.
The same men run to the the javelin's landing spot.
The third man walks away looking disappointed.
A fourth man throws a javelin.
Again, the men run to where the javelin lands.
The fourth man looks disappointed looking for his jacket.
The first man to throw a javelin runs around celebrating and hugs another man.
A man puts a gold medal around the neck of the first javelin thrower and shakes his hand.
He puts a silver medal on the second thrower.
He puts a bronze medal on the third thrower.
All of the men shake hands.
The gold medal winner talks to a news person.
The silver medalist talks to a news person.
An underwater view is being shown as a woman dressed like a mermaid is swimming.
A large nurse whale swims alongside her.
Multiple pictures of the swimming mermaid are shown.
A man is standing in a room in front of a mirror talking.
He gets down on his knees and stands on his head.
He moves around in a circle on his head and spins.
The video leads into several shots of people running down a long track and jumping into a sand pit.
More women are shown running down the track and landing into the sand pit as others watch.
Two men are playing Foosball in a dark room.
They compete intensely at a fast pace.
The man of the red team wins all four times.
Every time when he wins, he does a little cheering dance.
A woman is on a court playing with a stick.
She hits a ball on the court.
She demonstrates how to swing and hit the ball.
Several people are playing in a public swimming pool.
They swim in the water, playing a game with a ball.
They hit the ball back and forth, trying to keep it from each other.
The man is standing in the kitchen.
He grab a tong and a silver, metal bowl with vegetables in it.
The ingredients on the counter are in white containers.
the chef is holding a small piece of nut.
A man and a woman are standing by a piano.
The man and the woman play the piano together.
They switch places and continue playing the piano.
They switch places again, rapidly.
They do it again, laughing away together.
Finally they finish and walk away together happily.
We see a title screen slide down the screen .
We then watch an older boy and a boy bowl in a bowling alley.
A small boy in an orange shirt rolls the ball down the aisle.
We watch an older boy in a green shirt roll the ball 5 times and get 4 strikes.
We see a title screen and a slow motion of one of the shots of the older boy.
People are working out in a room.
They are stepping up and down on a blue mat.
They start raising their hands in the air.
A man crouches in a dance studio.
He lifts himself onto his hands.
He holds his feet up in the air.
He then lays on his back on the ground.
A woman stands talking on a yoga mat in a driveway area.
The woman does an aerobic workout stepping back and forth and lifting arms on the mat.
The woman jumps back and forth in a doing a more vigorous workout.
A group of young girls are dressed in pink tutus, standing on a stage and doing their ballerina routine.
One of the girls goes out of sync from the rest and starts moving her feet as she's doing her routine and everything other girl is just standing on their feet and moving just their arms.
The girls are now starting to sing as they continue to dance and the same girl that was doing her own thing out of sync continues to do her own dancing different from the majority of the young girls.
The dance ends and some of the girls do a curtsy and then they all walk off the stage.
A toddler holds a lacrosse stick, then he catches a ball with the lacrosse stick and throws to the floor.
Then, the toddler try to catch another ball, but it rolls under a chair.
Next, the toddler catch a ball and throw to the floor and the ball bounce.
After, the toddler catch the bouncing ball and throw to the backyard, then the toddler steps down a step.
Text appears on the screen briefly.
A man is power washing a fence.
It cuts to him power washing a different section.
It fades to an open shot of the fence.
A gymnastic girl is performing balance beam.
The girl is getting ready to get on the beam from a jump pad.
The girl performs flawlessly on the beam.
The girl lands on floor perfectly with a big smile.
A man is crossing the finish line of a race.
Lots of people are running in a race.
People are running down a dirt road.
People sail in a boat in a river, and a man pulls a string of a person that sets up to perform water ski.
Then, the person water ski behind the boat while people watch.
The person falls in the water, but stands again and continues doing water ski.
A boat appears in the river behind the person, while the person water ski.
The person falls again in the water, the people in the boat laugh and a man does thumbs up.
Some men are playing pool as three boxer dogs watch.
The boxers stand by the pool table, trying to snap at the balls as they are shot with the cues.
A woman is sitting at a desk.
A man sitting in front of her is playing a harmonica.
The woman is playing with her hair.
Ships are shown in the water.
Men are walking on a street.
A man in a yellow shirt is riding on a boat.
People watching the men in the boat are applauding.
Two men sit across a table and begin an arm wrestling match.
They both struggle a bit until the man on the left eventually wins.
A camera pans around a snowy roof and leads into a man pushing snow off of a roof and onto the ground below.
The man continues speaking to the camera while pushing off snow and leading into an empty roof.
Another man is seen shoveling off snow and ends with pictures of the men working.
An athlete performs high jump and lands on the mat while person takes notes.
Then, the athlete performs high jump successfully.
After, the man perform high jump but drops the horizontal pole.
The athlete perform high jumps successfully.
The athlete perform a high jump, but the pole falls.
A water polo match is shown and a person scores goals.
This is a recruiting video.
A group of people are on a neatly mown field.
They are playing a game of croquette.
They hit the balls through the hoops with mallets.
A man is seen laying floor down on the ground using a machine and others helping.
Several shots are shown of the men pushing down the floor and using a torch underneath to keep it in place.
The man continue working while showing the steam on the hot mats and the finished roof with done.
A man is seen kneeling down in a large field around small trees and holding a stick.
The man then wacks the stick along the grass and moving his arms back and fourth.
A close up of a sandwich is shown followed by ingredients and a woman speaking to the camera.
Several ingredients are laid out and shown close up one by one while the woman mixes them all together in a bowl.
She then pours the mixture onto a slice of break and presents it on a plate while speaking continuously.
A large screen is shown followed by a band playing on stage.
A man wearing a mickey costume and playing the drums.
The man continues playing the drums and ends with the curtain closing.
We see a title screen for the video.
We then see little boys playing soccer in a couple of gymnasiums.
We watch the boy in the white shirt score a goal.
We see a boy kick a goal and the goalie reaches to stop the ball but misses.
We see the boy in white score a goal and his Teammates hug him.
3:10 The white ream number 10 scores and a teammate gives him a high five.
A blue backdrop is pictured with white words saying titling,"Mowing the Lawn May 2009".
A middle aged man is outside,wearing a white muscle short and red shorts pushing a lawn mower in his yard.
As the man turns the lawn mower to go in a different direction he begins to struggle and gets confused because the water fountain is in his way.
Once,the male has become frustrated enough,he just decided to not mow it and goes back to his original place of cutting.
A man is leaning over a pool table, hitting the ball with his cue.
A woman in a pink bikini spins her cue as she waits her turn.
Then she takes a shot at the ball, knocking them into the holes.
A girl is seen speaking to the camera on the floor.
Another woman is seen sitting on a swingset looking to the camera.
The woman swings back and fourth while looking down at her hand.
A large group of people are seen dressed up in holiday gear and are seen throwing objects at one another.
The people continue playing dodgeball against one another and end by dancing in the middle.
A woman bends forward extending her left left arm on front and raising her leg up while having the right hand over her shoulder.
Then, the woman turns to the left and throw a ball and spin her body.
A man is seen standing at the end of a dock and looking back to people partying.
The man walks up and sees two people performing martial arts in the middle of a circle.
The people continuing moving around while others watch on the side and the soldier joining in as well.
A boy sits behind the wheel of car, driving and talking to the other passengers in the car.
The car travels down a winding highway as the camera pans between the people talking at the time.
The people in the car eventually arrive at a snow covered slope  where they don ski apparel and begin to ski on the slopesdoing flips,  going down hills and jumping off of elevated platforms.
At one point of the boys falls on the ground and huddles in the fetal position on the snow.
The scene then cuts to the boys back at home in the kitchen peparing things with a final image of a boy standing in the snow covered woods talking to the camera.
A man stands in a field talking.
He hits a bowling ball with a croquet mallet and then hold up a bowling ball with a big 8 on it.
A woman with a large chalice is in the same field talking.
Cars pass by and people walk around in the background.
A bowling ball that is cut in half is on the ground.
A couple of kids look at the half bowling ball.
A man hits the "8" ball with a croquet mallet and does a little dance.
A woman hits 1 bowling ball against another with a mallet.
A different man hits a bowling ball with a mallet.
A young girl hits the ball with the mallet.
Another man hits a bowling ball and does a dance, The young girls play while a man dressed like a joker talks.
The game ends and all of the materials for the game are gathered.
The woman gives her chalice to the young girls who are very excited.
A group of men and boys are on a snow capped hill.
They lob snowballs and ride the cars, then they ski down the hill.
They are shown skiing and performing many tricks, spinning and flipping as they go.
A track and field long jumper from the Florida Gators dressed in blue and orange prepares to make his run while other participants, coaches and officials congregate around the track and field  course.
The Florida Gator long jumper begins his run with a gradual forward walk then a skip and a fast sprint to the sand pit jumping marker.
The Florida Gator long jumper jumps and flies through the air and lands in the sand.
The camera pans to the score board showing the long jumpers results.
A tall garage building is shown in the dark and then several teen age boys appear skateboarding in the inside of it.
As they come around the corner,they hold on to each others shirts and come down the slanted road in a single file line and a boy is shown holding a camera with a selfie stick recording the action.
After,a black male appears talking in the car and the boys are then shown walking up a set of stairs.
The action continues and all the boys join one another back in the garage and the male that was talking in the video is seen skating with the rest of the boys.
two twins dressed in the same way and with the same hairstyle are in a room talking to the camera.
the man in the back start putting some boxers above the pants and the man in front continue speaking to the camera.
Man in front holds a brushteeth and put some toothpaste and clean his teeth, then the guy introduces the toothbrush into a honey pot and brush the teeth with it.
man in front holds an hairbrush and the other guy drinks water, the other guy holds a toothbrush with jam and brush his teeth.
A person sits on front a laptop and a cube puzzle.
Then, the person solves a cube puzzle.
After, the person solves the cube puzzle puts it on the laptop.
We see the opening title screens.
We then see men spinning on the pommel horse with title screens clipped in between.
We see a man throwing his legs over the pommel horse.
We see a man in red spinning himself around the pommel horse quickly.
A man in red and yellow spins fast on the pommel.
We see a man dismount the pommel and throw his arms in the air.
We then see the closing scenes.
A camera pans all around a sky showing kites in the air.
A person is then seen riding a kite board on the water.
The person continues to ride around while the camera watches.
A man peels a potato while blindfolded and two little girls watch.
The man finishes and holds up the potato to the camera.
The man picks up a peel off the table.
the man removes his blindfold.
A woman talks while on a stair machine in a gym and shows proper footing.
The woman walks on aerobic machine in the gym without the handles.
The woman uses the arm bars while walking on the aerobic machine.
The woman holds the arm grips to get off the machine.
A young child is seen using an elliptical while watching a computer video in front of her.
The girl controls the moves on the video using the machine while the camera zooms in and out of the area.
Two people are seen hitting a ping pong table back and fourth in the middle of an outdoor park.
They drop the ball and pick it up and then continue playing again.
A man is seen standing in front of a sink scrubbing it down with a sponge.
The man continues wiping down the counter while occasionally looking at the camera.
A woman is standing behind a table.
She picks up a rag and a bottle of oil.
She puts oil onto the rag and starts to clean her boots with it.
A man throws a frisbee on a field.
A dog jumps and grabs the frisbee in the air.
The man lays on his back and the dog stands on his feet.
The man bends down and the dog jumps on his back.
The dog runs and jumps into the mans arms and the man carries him.
A camera shows several different ingredients laid out on a table followed by someone mixing the ingredients together.
They put the mixture on a pan to create cookies in the oven and show off the final results.
A person holds a boy that is on a swing rod, and then push the rod.
Then, the boy swings on the rod to impulse his body to swing in circles until the rod loss force.
After, a man helps stop the swing rod, while other people are fixing something.
A young man wearing yellow t-shirt move his arms.
A young boy is seen sitting on a chair talking to the camera.
He shows that his arm is in a cast and putting on his socks and shoes.
He finally ties his shoes and looks back at the camera.
A young girl plays an accordian.
The girl turns her head to the right.
The girl's playing slows.
A woman is seen throwing a dart to the board and looking back laughing while another watches from far away.
She throws more darts onto the board while stopping to grab them and a man bending down beside her.
A young girl is shown on a large gym floor doing flips and tricks with a baton and several judges watching her.
She continues moving along the floor while along girl practices behind her.
She finishes her routine and stands in front of the judges and hears her results.
Two people are tubing in a stream with lush water and huge rocks through out it.
Once the two get around the curve,they hit two small hills and wade in the calmer part of the water.
A man is sitting down on the ground fixing a child's bike.
A kid in a yellow shirt is standing next to him watching.
A boy in a blue shirt is pushing another bike behind him.
There are some people playing croquet in their backyard that is covered with fall leaves.
There's a teenage boy and a teenage girl playing croquet on some wooden boards.
They use their wooden mallet to hit the ball down the wooden boards.
Another group of young teenagers are also playing croquet in the yard.
One of the teens wearing a yellow shirt pretends his mallet is a guitar and plays it.
The teens continue playing croquet as they take turns to hit the ball with the mallet while another boy is playing with a black and white cat.
The teens continue playing while the cat watches them.
The teen in the yellow shirt plays with the black and white cat.
One of the teen pose and aims to hit the ball with his mallet while the two other teens watch him.
They continue playing croquet as they take turns to hit the balls one by one with the mallets.
One of the teens then just drops his mallet down while the two other teens give each other high fives.
A girl demonstrates several advanced dance, and gymnastic moves in many different locations throughout a city.
A girl stands on a grass covered field and paved sidewalk and performs several gymnastic flips and cheerleading moves.
The girl then returns to the grass and does several more advanced backflips.
The girl advances to a wooden walkway and performs dance moves and performs a walking handstand in another location.
The video finally ends with the girl performing dance moves in a tunnel and sidewalk.
A girl wearing a white coat with hood is next to man and a woman on side of a pool table.
Then, the girl walks and takes off the coat, then she takes a cue stick and bend on front two men.
After, the girl turns and grabs the boy shirt while making a sexy gesture, then she turns to play again.
A man wants to touch the butt of a girl.
A man is standing in front of a white screen.
He is talking about the saxophone in his hands and showing the proper hand positions.
He demonstrates how to play the instrument.
We see a black intro screen.
We see princess Diana and a man playing pool.
Photographers stand up at the end of her table.
The princess and her people exit the room.
We go back to the black screen.
A man is seen standing behind a small child who is blindfolded.
Several clips are then shown of people swinging around at pinatas and failing miserably.
More clips are shown of people swinging around at pinatas and ends with them hitting other people.
A young child is pushed on a swing set of an outdoor playground at a park.
The child reaches out her hand.
A man wearing headphones is seen speaking into a microphone and begins playing a harmonica into the mic.
The man continues  playing and the camera ends with a close up of the instrument.
A young man talks while showing a saxophone.
The young man points the keys of the saxophone while talking.
Then, the young man fasten the saxophone with a blue ribbon on his neck.
After, the young man puts his mouth on the mouthpiece of the saxophone, then he continues explaining.
A man is sitting down on a chair.
He starts playing an accordion in his lap.
He stops playing and looks at the camera.
A woman is in a kitchen making a tomato sauce in the kitchen.
The woman is showing the camera her plated food.
The woman then grabs a green and a box of pasta.
The lady then begins to stir the tomato sauce and puts greens into it.
Lastly, the lady pours the pasta into the sauce.
A man in yellow shirt and black tights, walked towards the bike, bend over and unscrew the screw.
The man in yellow shirt took out his tools from his pocket, he took off the bike wheel from the bike, pull out a yellow tool, insert it between the rubber and metal, removed the rubber inside the tire, tried to find the hole, took a square cloth, wipe the tire, then put the sticker, he pumped the rubber then put it back in the tire.
The person screw the wheel back to the bike.
A large group of people are seen standing on a mat and performing a routine with one another.
The people do various flips and tricks around the mat and end with a pose and waving to the audience.
A woman opens a white closet door.
She removes some shoes from the closet.
She puts on the shoes.
She then laces them up.
A woman talks as she is seated on the ground.
She shows off a pair of clipping scissors.
She then uses them to gently but quickly trim a cat's nails while another woman assists her.
A man is seen holding a sharp knife in his hands while the camera zooms in and the man points to two boxes.
He then glides the knife along the boxes and shows off the sharpened knife to the camera.
He ends by holding the knife and smiling to the camera.
A small group of people are seen swimming around a pool and lead into several clips of people playing the game as well as celebrating.
Various people are then seen speaking to the camera followed by more clips of the game being shown and people celebrating.
We see men working on a roof on a ranch style house.
We see the supplies on the ground.
We see the men on the front part of the roof.
We see a man throwing shingles into a trailer on the ground.
We see the rolls of roofing materials.
We see a man throwing shingles into a trailer.
Three men throw shingles off the roof.
A group of guards march down a driveway as they play the trumpets.
A man heats a small pan with a flame.
Three soldiers standing near watch him.
The man grabs a paintbrush and moves it around in the pan.
He takes the brush and brushes a shoe.
He flames the shoe with the flame canister.
He brushes the shoe again.
He then flames the shoe some more.
A view is seen of people in the ocean.
The waters are rough, splashing harshly against the rocks.
The people are being knocked off their surfboards.
Various clips are shown of the inside and outside of an arena as well as the camera panning out from the ice and two people speaking to one another.
Several shots are then shown of people curling and close ups of the pucks.
More clips are shown of people playing the game as well as team mates watching.
A camera pans around a shower and zooms in on a person shaving their legs.
The camera watches her move her arms all around her legs while the water runs down the drain.
A man in a white shirt is talking.
A bow and arrow is set up in the grass.
A man shoots a bow and arrow while in the water.
We see an opening title screen.
A man sits on a track and talks as he is interviewed.
Two men in red walk up the bleachers and one stops to talk to someone.
A group of women walk behind the man being interviewer.
We then see the ending title screen.
A woman is explaining how to remove wallpaper.
She turns around and bends over to pick up a steamer.
She shows how to steam the wallpaper in sections.
She steps off the ladder and continues to steam the wallpaper.
She moves the ladder out of the way then she steams more wallpaper, all the way to the bottom, across and the middle.
She moves the ladder, climbs up it and peels the wallpaper from the wall, picking the pieces that stick from the wall.
She pulls the residue from the wall.
She walks out of camera range and comes back with a scraper to remove the left pieces.
She bends down again and walks out of camera range again.
She has a sponge and is cleaning the wall.
She does more scraping and scrubbing.
She turns around and smiles.
A man is standing in front of another man while someone adjusts the table between them.
The men lock arms, and begin to arm wrestle.
They push and pull hard, trying to win.
They suddenly begin punching each other, breaking out in a fight.
One begins to fall after a punch.
We see a man preparing to get in a kayak.
We then see the man riding in his kayak on a rough river.
The man goes over a rock.
We see a mountain near the river.
The kayak is overturned in the river.
We see the man on the shore.
We see the man go over a waterfall.
We see the man pull his kayak onto the shore.
We see the kayak overturned and we then see the river running.
We see the ending screens.
A group of women are wearing volleyball team uniforms standing in an indoor gym, and a young woman that has a number 10 on her shirt is bouncing the volleyball and getting ready to serve.
The woman serves the ball and a game ensues as all the women keep the ball in the area and hit it over the net multiple times trying to keep it in bounds.
The same woman that served the ball spikes the ball very hard ,the other team misses it and her team mates cheer.
The same woman that served earlier serves the volleyball once again and the other team quickly spikes the ball that sends the opposing team member rolling on the ground in an attempt to save the ball from hitting the ground.
A man is seen in the ocean on a surf board.
The man glides towards an on coming wave.
The man then jumps over the wave.
The man then rides the inside of a new wave.
The credits of the clip are shown.
Vehicles are moving down a road.
A lady stands and discusses.
People are paddling down a rocky body of  water.
A person tries to lift an individual back into the inflated boat.
A lady walks away from the inflated boat.
The lady used her hands to over her face.
People that are sitting on an inflated boat raise their paddles.
An inflated boat flips over and the occupants falls overboard.
The lady takes off her helmet.
A guy gives the lady her white sandals.
The lady blows a kiss.
Guys are playing soccer outside.
Two red team players chest bump.
The credits of the clip are shown.
A woman is sitting down in a chair playing an accordion.
She stops playing and puts her arm down.
Words flash onto the screen.
A woman is standing up talking and holding a blue mop.
She is showing the bottom of the mop.
A bottle of vinegar is shown on a table next to alcohol and soap.
She begins mopping the hardwood floor.
A dog is laying down on a bed.
Various shots of a snowy mountain are shown as well as a person riding up a hill.
The person looks to others around him and is seen riding down mountain.
The person rides down several times more with people attached on the sides.
A boy hangs on monkey bars.
He crosses the obstacle easily.
He looks proud of himself.
He smiles at the camera.
People are sitting in bleachers watching people.
The people in the room are playing wall ball.
A man in the stands puts his hands on his face.
Two people are seen standing outside on a mat.
One person then grabs the other person by the legs.
The men then flip each other down on the ground.
The camera pans above lush and green terrain over what looks like a mountain range.
A man is shown covered in sweat and then jumping across various hills performing stunts on a dirt bike.
He rotates and flips and performs all sorts of acrobatics.
He is highly skilled and jumping over everything.
The video then shows multiple men on dirt bikes jumping in various different places and shows the action from  a variety of angles.
The men continue performing their stuns in various other landscapes.
hockey players are getting out the dressers to a field.
hockey players are skating in an ice court in a roofed gym.
mani s welding something in a dark room and the players are in the court playing.
men are sitting on bus looking at his phones and seeing though the window and in the dressers geting ready to play and in the field.
A small group of people are seen shaking hands and standing together followed by a man blowing a whistle and people running around.
The people then play a game of soccer with one another, running up and down the sandy field while coaches yell on the side and a goal is blocked.
A gymnast wearing a red and black uniform jumps on the horse bar.
She comes running again and jumps on the horse bar and does a front flip.
The the third time she jumps again on the horse bar and raises her left foot, does a front flip and gets off the bar.
She repeats the same steps again and jumps off the horse bar.
A camera pans out of chocolate chip cookies and milk and leads into a woman speaking.
The woman mixes various ingredients together in a bowl and leads into her putting clumps of dough onto a pan.
She puts the pan in the oven then takes it out to show off her chocolate ship cookies.
A group of several teen boys are playing a game of tug of war.
They pull hard until the rope gives, and they win the game.
An intro leads into several clips of people attempting to fight bulls from many generations.
Several clips are shown of people interacting with the bulls as well as running around and people watching.
An athletic man is seen standing at the beginning of a long track with several people standing on the sidelines.
He begins running down the track and jumping with a few others walk around him in the distance.
woman wearing sport clothing is climbing stairs and talking to the camera.
woman is in gym talking on the camera and with other man while a woman is making exercise in an orbitrek.
A young man in white runs on the stage dancing.
Other men are dancing in the background.
A smaller boy runs on stage, confused.
A man with a microphone talks to the young kid.
The young boy starts dancing.
Everyone on the stage stops dancing.
The men point to the singer.
The singer in red starts dancing.
A man is first seen speaking to the camera with text questions being asked to him.
He is then seen putting a cleaner on his teeth and taking a bit of food.
He continues speaking to the camera while occasionally eating food.
a man is standing in front of a camera.
He starts playing a harmonica for the camera.
He rocks back and forth to the music as he goes.
A close up of a coffee drink is shown followed by a man drinking out of the cup.
The camera pans around to more people with drinks in their hands.
A ma looks down at his lap with the drink still in front of him.
First the young woman is sleeping in her bed, but then she wakes up to say something.
Next she is shown sitting at the restaurant eating fries and then she is shown in her room again, staring at the clothes on her bed and putting on her shoes.
She is also shown doing fun things in the video and other girls are too.
A grinder machine is shown on a patio.
A man talks while he shows the parts of the machine.
He then demonstrates how the machine is used.
Two people are playing wall ball in a room.
A boy falls down diving for the ball.
A person walks in front of the room.
A man uses a hose to spray something vertically on a wooden wall.
The man changes to spraying horizontally on the wall.
The man manipulates the tip of the spray nozzle.
A woman in blue shirt is chopping the wood, when she chopped the wood in half, she put them aside then she take another log and chopped it in half.
The woman try to chop the wood in half but it won't get chopped in half, then it fell on ground and she put it back on the chopping board, and she continue to chop the wood, after several attempts she finally chopped the wood in half.
Two cookies are shown on a plate.
The ingredients are mixed into a bowl one at a time, adding eggs, sugar, and butter.
The cookies are cut out of the dough.
They are then baked and assembled.
A black and white video is shown of a young marching band walking down the street in a parade.
Several people in the band walk by then a close up of a boy playing the trumpet is shown and he is highlighted.
The video continues and the majorette girls begin dancing.
Now they are at a stand still and playing without marching as the little kids begin to watch them.
A woman cleans the carpet and the floor with a vacuum, after the vacuum picks up dirt from the carpet.
Then, the woman takes out the canister of the vacuum and continues cleaning the floor, the wall, the sofa and the floor.
After, the woman cleans the frames of picture and pick up hair from a pillow.
Next, the woman rewinds the wire of the canister and drops the trash in the trash can.
A young girl is seen standing on a tennis court holding a racket.
The woman begins swinging the racket while another boy stands beside her.
The woman continues swinging and walks back to the boy.
A man wearing a hood is opening a paper, then he went down the stair and walked to a pathway.
The woman is talking to the camera and showing the ground covered with snow.
The man is standing next to the van and began scooping off the snow on the roof of the car, while the other person is using a broom to get the snow off the car.
A man clears snow from a car in snow covered parking lot.
A man in a narrow hallway holds and directs a camera in the hallway, presses a button in the hallway, then exits through the door in the hallway and goes outside.
Once outside the camera picks up a snow covered parking lot filled with snow covered cars and one girl in pink pants.
A man holding a long snow removing brush approaches a car and begins wiping snow off of the car at times gesturing wildly with his arms.
The man clears the entire car with snow, with the brush and a shovel before the scene cuts to a vehicle driving down the street in the snow.
An athletic man is seen standing ready while holding a javelin and then runs down the track and throws the pole into a field.
He walks away with his hands on his hips and his same throw is shown again.
Several more athletes step up to throw the javelin into the field followed by their same throw shown again and them laughing to the camera.
A man is cutting his beard with scissors.
He uses a shaver to shave off the beard.
He collects the hair in the sink.
He puts shaving cream on his face and uses a razor to finish shaving.
He wipes his face with a towel.
He smiles and gives a thumbs up.
A man is in a screened area standing on a concrete circle and swings a ball on a rope around two times above his head.
The man then quickly starts spinning himself along with swinging the ball on the rope.
After numerous and quick swings and spins the man lets the rope go and the ball goes flying.
People and dogs are walking down a trail.
Pink flowers on a bush are shown.
People are walking dogs on leashes down a street.
Cars are being washed at a car wash.
A man in a red shirt talks to a man in a black shirt.
The car is going through an automatic car wash.
Someone is now scrubbing a car to wash it.
They walk into a garage and inspect the cars.
A group of fish swim around in the ocean floor.
A long yellow fish passes the camera.
Scuba divers gather on a boat as a man speaks.
We see several fish and a shark.
The scuba divers dive, looking at the fish and waving at the camera.
We see a small dog in a bathtub with the title over the top.
A person wets the dog and puts shampoo on it.
The person washes the dog with their hands.
They stand the dog up and wash him.
They rinse the soap off the dog.
We see the wet little dog from above.
A man is playing shuffleboard on a ship.
He turns to the camera and says something.
A man is talking behind a bar, standing in front of numerous alcohol bottles.
He pours liquids over a glass filled with ice.
He then garnishes the final product for serving.
An American gymnast climbs the balance beam, the she performs four flips backwards and one flip forward.
Then, the gymnast spins backward  one time on her side, then she jumps and flips two times backwards.
After the gymnast jumps,  spins and turns.
The gymnast stands on the end of the beam, then she runs and flips to times and end stand on the mat.
After, the gymnast raise her arms and she is congratulated by people.
The routine of the gymnast is repeated again.
A man is seen doing karate in front of another with a knife and leads into a shot of a man bowling and text across his face.
The man celebrates as people watch and clipart is shown as well as more shots of the man celebrating and bowling.
The man holds a trophy in the end and screams to the camera and the audience.
The camera then zooms in on a photo on a poster.
A man is seen practicing his ping pong abilities followed by him playing the game against another person.
A man watches on the side as the men continue to play with more people stopping to watch.
A person ski over a ski rail and spins in the air, then land stand on the snow.
The person ski over a ramp and fly in the air very high.
Then, the person ski over the rails of a home turning ans spinning and then land on the street.
Then, a person ski over the fence of a walking bridge and also ski on the stairs.
A woman gives a hair tutorial.
The woman ties her hair and prepares it so that it looks better.
A woman is lying on a bed with her hair spread.
There are several images of her from behind with very long hair.
We then see numerous images of her with her hair cut off to shoulder length.
Three people are seen standing on a lawn beginning to perform martial arts moves.
The group moves around at the same time while looking away from the camera.
They continue to move their arms and legs around together and end by holding s pose.
A man is walking up a ladder to a roof.
He is standing in front of a house talking.
Men are putting new shingles onto a roof.
A man throws a ball into a cup.
Another man throws a ball into a cup.
The two men pick up a cup and drink it.
The man is strumming one drum.
The man strum the other drum while moving his leg.
The man play two drums at the same time.
A very large, muscular man is shown in a gym with a weight bar as piano music plays in the background.
The video begins with the weight on the floor and the man getting ready to lift it.
He lifts the weight and first brings it parallel to his shoulders.
He then lifts it completely over his head with his arms extended.
After leaving his arms up for several seconds, he allows the weight to fall on the ground.
Two men sit in a room smoking cigarettes one playing guitar the other on keyboard.
The man on guitar on the right takes his cigarette out of his mouth and puts it down.
The man on the left takes his cigarette out and wipes mouth on his arm.
They finish and the man on the left wipes his mouth and the right takes his cigarette out and blows smoke.
Four people are seen hitting a ball around a gymnasium back and fourth off the wall with a tennis racket.
The men continue playing with one another and end by shaking hands with each other.
A man uses a course brush and hand towel to prepare the ski to be worked on while it sits on a rack.
The man melts a wax bar across the ski surface with an iron then uses it to blend in the wax.
A man sharpens a flat edge then scrapes the outer layer of wax from the skis surface.
The man uses a course brush then a towel to finish preparing the skis surface.
A man is standing on a ladder.
He is hanging wall paper onto a wall in front of him.
He uses a tool to smooth out the wall paper once it's on the wall.
A picture is shown of a baby juxtaposed beside a little girl.
A woman is seen with a young girl as she speaks.
She then has the girl sit down as she proceeds to braid her hair in long, thick pieces.
She pins the hair in place, then waves goodbye to the camera.
A person prepares to bungee jump over a body of water while onlookers watch from the ground.
The person is sitting down, first, strapped into bungee jumping gear.
The person stands at the edge of a wooden jumping surface as onlookers watch from the ground.
The person jumps off of the edge and falls down as the camera follows and reveals that this is a man who has jumped, and the man is smiling and laughing as he flails in the air just above the water.
People are playing soccer in an indoor arena.
They shoot and make a goal into the net.
The players hug on the court.
Five products are aligned on a table,illustrating the products needed to shave.
A young white male walks into the bathroom,turns on the water and begins to rub his beard.
A series of different forms of the product is shown and then the man prepares his skin with oil and puts it around his beard.
Next comes the brush and he adds some white cream to it to lather up his hair.
Finally,it is time to shave and the beard is taken completely down.
For the finishing touches,lotion is added and the man is now dressed in a suit ready to go.
A man is playing a game of shuffleboard.
A man falls down onto the shuffleboard.
A disc is dropped onto the ground.
People are in stands watching two teams in a pool play pool soccer.
The players are yelling and then the ball is hit towards the goal and deflected as the crowd cheers them on.
The ball is then thrown back into the pool.
A man in a grey print hoodie is standing against a wall introducing himself and then explaining that he is going to give a tutorial for some tricks.
A stop start animation with a desk calendar is shown with flip animation drawings blending into framed animation leading to the title of the group and the skateboard tutorial they are about to explain.
Footage of a skateboarder doing a trick in front of a camera is followed by the man in the grey hoodie explaining that he is going to show how to do a frontside 180 on a skateboard and what it can be used for as well as the fundamentals befor learning the trick.
He then goes into the explanation of how to do the trick in depth as well as footage being shown while he's talking about the trick.
The camera pans up and a black screen appears with white letters and a website address followed by a film company and a site channel.
A view is seen of a pool table, balls being triangled, and numerous people shooting the balls into the corner pockets during a competition.
A woman walks around holding a scorecard as they play.
A man is standing at the start line clapping his hands, people look on.
He takes off running and does a long jump.
He salutes the large applauding audience.
Another man waits on the start line before accelerating into the long jump.
He looks to the crowd who are subdued.
He walk away looking at the ground.
Another man waits on the start line before running into a longjump.
He waves to the appreciative crowd and runs away smiling and celebrating.
A young girl is seen speaking to the camera and holds up a bottle to the camera.
The girl then begins painting her nails and showing them off to the camera.
She continues to paint her nails as well as make funny faces to the camera.
A couple dances on a ballroom floor with people seated at tables nearby.
People nearby take photos of the couple.
The couple finishes and leaves the dance floor.
A man is shown sitting in front of several drums and banging to a rhythm.
He talks to the camera about his song and what he is planning on playing.
The man continues playing while the camera pans in and out on him playing the drums.
A person is riding the bike on the dirt road.
The biker jumped into high ramps.
The biker drove to the curve path then drive over the high ramp.
There are 4 people who are all playing badminton and the boy in the white shirt is the first one to serve to the man in the black shirt.
Then the man wearing the black shirt serves to the boy whose wearing the gold shirt.
Then the boy who's wearing the white shirt hits the shuttlecock and serves to the girl who's wearing the pink shirt and the game goes on and everyone keeps serving to each other and they all use different shuttlecocks.
A large group of people are seen standing around a track leading into several people running down the road.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera while several people are seen running and drinking water.
More people speaking to the camera while showing them run in different locations.
woman is in a large green field holding a yellow frisbee and playing with a dog.
a lot of acrs are parked in the street behind the alrge field.
woman is throwing the frisbee to the dog.
There's a lady doing a tutorial on how to wash hands in her kitchen.
She walks towards the sink and turns on the tap.
Then she takes some liquid soap in her hands and rubs her hands on the top, the palms and in between her fingers.
She demonstrates how to properly rub the palms and the wrist area to ensure a clean wash.
Then she turns the tap back on to wash off the soap.
Then she uses her right elbow to turn off the tap to avoid touching it directly.
Then she takes a paper towel from the window sill and wipes her hands dry.
People surf in the choppy waters of the ocean while a cat sits on a rock.
One person surfs on a big wave going to the right, while other surfer gets in a wave to surf and falls but get on the surfboard again.
A man surfs on a wave going to the left while other people surfs in the ocean.
Suddenly, a man appears rowing a canoe.
A man in a rodeo owing is performing a stunt.
A man is riding a horse in a rodeo ring.
the man lassos a cow and throws it to the ground.
the man then hog ties the cow.
The man gets back on his horse and we pan up and see the scoreboard.
A woman opens her mouth and smiles at the camera.
People are going by, water sailing.
They spin and turn in the water as they sail.
An older man is shown standing behind a swing set while pushing a small girl back and fourth.
He grabs and holds the girl and gives her several pushes while the girl sticks her head back and smiles.
The Bali River tubing information is shown on the screen.
There's a yellow and red tube shown with the name Bali River printed on it.
There are several people wearing protective helmets tubing in the river.
There's a man standing under a pipe with fast flowing water.
There are some tubers paddling through the water with their hands.
There's a man relaxing in his tube giving a thumbs up.
The tubers continue tubing through the river.
A man is seen throwing a dart onto a board and leads into a woman speaking.
The man throws several more darts while taking the time to speak to the woman.
More people are shown throwing dart while the two continue to speak and the man points to the board.
A lady holds a toothbrush as a child sits on a counter.
The lady brushes the boys teeth.
