The instructor and the class finish on the bikes again.
A man stands behind a bar talking to the camera.
The man holds a  drink up and puts it down.
The man adds ice to a glass and two shots of  a red liquor then another.
The man puts a strainer on the glass and stirs the glass with a long metal stick.
The man pours it into a martini glass.
The man smiles and holds the drink in the air.
We see people working out on exercise steps in an aerobics class.
The leader puts her hand in the air.
The lady in back left gets lost and stops.
Rear right gets lost and throws out her arms.
The instructors arm is in the air again.
The lady second on right stops trying.
A woman is seen standing before a bar and bends down in front of him.
She grabs the weights and lifts it over her head and then back down.
She continuously lifts the weight up over her head.
A large kite is seen flying over a beach with people wandering around on the sides.
A man is seen flying the large kite while others watch him on the side.
Another kite is shown flying beside his and leads into a show of the ocean.
A young girl is applying sunscreen to her face.
A beach is crowded with people while a motoroboat speeds across the water.
A doctor from the Cleveland Clinic named Jennifer Lucas speaks.
People apply sunblock to each other outdoors.
Apply the tiles in the same exact direction.
The tile must be installed over the adhesive.
Then roll immediately with a hundred-point roller.
Cut tiles near the perimeter to ensure smooth installation.
A man throws a hammer throw in a judged sports performance, outside, on a grass covered field with a group of onlookers on the side lines.
A man approaches a square, paved,white surface surrounded by black netting .
The man spins in place to gain momentum and releases/throws the hammer ball.
Two people emerge with  a long tape measure to measure the distance the hammer ball was thrown.
The athlete runs off jumping and smiling and chest bumps another player.
A person is snowboarding indoors alone.
The person is zig-zagging with his board down a slope.
The person turns around at the end of the slope with arms extended.
Two cars are seen parked outside of a garage as a man focuses his camera.
Once the camera is sin position,a man is shown with a steel mask on as he beats a piece on a concrete.
The piece is on the concrete and he puts the bottom of the mask on and begins burning the metal.
A man is seen dancing with a hula hoop in a crowded area while people wander around behind her.
The woman continues spinning the hoop around herself as people watch her spin around.
We see an opening screen and a man drinks from a cup.
the man paints a lady's nails in a dining room.
The lady shows us her finger nails.
The man drinks from his cup.
The man leans back and laughs.
we see a ending credit screen.
An intro leads into several clips of people standing in a circle and throwing an object off into the distance and ends by walking away.
Several more people are seen steeping up into the circle throwing objects off into the distance and cheering with one another.
Two women are in a room talking.
A woman begins to put makeup on the other woman.
She dabs the woman's face with a sponge.
A gymnast is seen jumping onto a set of uneven bars and performs a gymnastics routine in front of a large crowd.
The man flips around the beams and ends with him jumping down with his arms up and waving to the crowd.
two girl teams play field hockey with hockey sticks and a small ball.
the team with the burgundy shirts scores three times and the other team scored none.
We see the title card on black.
A man is playing the drums with is hands.
The man pauses then plays again.
The man pauses then plays slower.
a man is driving a car through a window.
He gets a pass into a park area.
He is shown driving, walking, and riding horses as he explores the area.
A man is shown working on a fence in the backyard.
The man wears a blue outfit as he paints the wooden fence a red color.
The man cleans the paint off of boards.
A man is seen hopping over bars as well as throwing an object in different locations.
The men is then seen lifting weights as well as throwing the object around more and walking away from the camera.
He continues practicing by throwing the object around and the camera following his movements.
We see men standing around in a casino holding beers.
We see a man and put money on the table.
The dealer counts the money and gives the man chips.
The dealer deals a hands of blackjack and the we see the men clapping and the dealer laughing.
We see the dealer give the man chips and the man stands in his group showing his friends his stack of chips.
Two men cheer and throw their fists in the air and the me laugh and cheer and walk.
People whom are wearing helmets, are paddling a inflated boat down a rocky body of water.
Water splashes into the inflated boat.
The people stop paddling, and the boat is still.
A man is standing in a kitchen talking.
He uses a vacuum to clean the floor.
He removes the filter from the vacuum.
He talks some more after this.
A woman is seen sitting in a wheelchair looking to the camera and wheels herself over to a side.
She then puts her shoes on with another man's help while still smiling to the camera.
She wheels herself away and claps in the end.
A man lays down on the floor over a mat.
The man holds a weight ovebe his head.
The man exercise holding the weight and raising the folded legs until the chest.
A man is standing outside drinking beer.
People are standing around watching him.
He sets the beer glass down on a table.
We see finger in front of the camera.
A man in green walks unto a squash court.
The light goes out and the room is dark.
The man in green walks to the middle of the court and hits the ball back and forth.
The man finishes and walks towards the camera.
A countdown is shown that leads into a person scoring a basket in a game.
More text are shown counting down a list and showing another person scoring a point.
Several more shots are shown of people performing impressive sport tactics while the list counts down.
A group of young men are inside a room.
They are engaged in a game of foosball together.
They laugh and kick the people back and forth.
The man is standing above water before he goes scuba diving.
He's underwater along with a few other people where there's shells and rocks in the sand.
There is also wooden logs and small lobsters crawling around.
A black screen appears and a black triangle with blue and green lights illuminating from it appear in the middle and red fancy lettering appear in the middle and read "Lovey's Nails".
More lettering appear on different black screens and together they read "MALEFICENT NAILS"and "FOR EASIER USE RED NAIL TIPS IF YOU HAVE USA PUNTAS ROJAS SI TIENES".
The woman is now removing nail polish from her nails on her left hand ,applies oil, then super glues fake nails onto her left hand and cuts the fake tipped nails into a pointed shape.
The woman then opens up a small container of red thick liquid, takes a paint brush and applies it to her fake pointy tipped nails and applies a few coats onto each fake tipped nail, then once the red is dried she then applies flesh colored thick liquid over the entire nail include the red tips, shapes them, files,sands them down, then brushes off the powder with a brush.
The woman then paints the top of the nails with a clear coat, then turns the nails over and paints the underside as well and puts her two hands together to show how it looks on the underside as well as the topside.
The woman is now showing a close up of her face as she shows the near her face, then holds up a MAC lipstick that's named "Russian Red" and she applies it to her lips then smiles and shows of her newly done nails and lips by showing it at a few angles, and then finishing with still shot pictures and the word Shio on the last still shot.
A woman makes a batch of master cleanse drink at the counter in the kitchen using lemons, water, syrup and red pepper.
A woman enters a kitchen, talks to the camera and begins to cut and juice lemons.
The woman then pours the lemon juice into a bottle of water.
The woman then adds syrup and red pepper to the mixture with blue measuring spoons and a measuring glass, after which she leans on the counter and talks to the camera some more.
A woman is seen hosting a news segment that leads into several clips of people measuring themselves and speaking to the camera.
Many shots are shown of people drinking coffee while holding up larger pants and showing off the weight they had lost.
More people are seen speaking to the camera while more products are shown as well as food being presented and a woman showing off her closet.
People are dancing on a dance floor at a wedding.
A woman in a wedding dress is dancing with a man in a tuxedo.
A man in a purple shirt is dancing with a woman.
A man is in a dance room that has mirrors along the walls, wooden floors, and he's dancing alone.
There is a woman that is standing in the corner and recording him the whole time.
When he moves more to the other side of the room as he's dancing, more people watching and recording him are revealed.
The man does he last dance move, smiles, takes a few steps and then takes a bow.
A man is kneeling inside a gym.
He has a barbell resting on his shoulders as he hops up.
He stands fully, then drops the weights.
A girl jumps onto a balance beam.
She does a gymnastics routine on the balance beam.
She dismounts and lands on the mat next to the beam.
A tether rope rises up on a bar.
Athletes prepare for an event getting poles ready and chalking hands.
Athletes pole vault over a high bar in a competition.
Athletes and fans meet after the event talking and signing autographs.
A graphic is seen of event sponsors and website on the screen with black backround.
A Man is shown throwing a bowling ball down a lane.
It then intercuts to a bunch of different throws of the ball towards the pins.
A woman interview the professional bowler and put on an apparatus on his wrist.
He then is shown gripping the ball and makes a throw in slow motion.
This is shown several times from different angles.
After a series of these action shots, the video then moves to a man speaking directly into the camera, with the logo of the show appearing as it ends.
People are playing soccer in an indoor arena.
A man is sitting in front of a goal blocking balls.
People are in the stands watching the game.
A close up of a person putting on a rack is shown followed by several women lifting up large amounts of weight.
More people are seen lifting up the heavy weights over their head and throwing it down when they are done.
A close up of sneakers is shown followed by a person holding up various objects and mixing them together in a bowl.
The person then uses a tooth brush all around the shoe using the ingredients and showing off the shoe.
The video begins with a title sequence and logo.
Several clips begin playing of volleyball fields with spectators.
The first clip shows the players celebrating.
The video moves on to members of a band.
It then continues to show clips of men playing volleyball.
The video ends with a closeup of the audience and a title sequence.
A man stands with a bicycle on a rack and shows its different parts and features including the wheels.
The man turns the crank and the wheel spins on the bike.
The man spins the front wheel by hand.
The man tightens a screw with his hand tool.
A camera pans around a woman sitting in a chair smoking a cigarette.
She speaks to the camera while continuing to smoke and ends by spreading her legs.
People rides bumper cars in a carnival.
An old man rides a small bumper car.
Several people get stuck with other bumper cars.
There are a lot of people in the carnival.
A person in a black shirt gets hit by a ball.
People standing on the beach are tossing around an orange ball.
There are people swimming in the water behind them.
A man bends down and picks up a large weight.
He lifts it up over his head.
He then drops it onto the ground.
A special effect intro of a man airborn on a waterboard with the words MMXIV HYPERLITE COLLECTION is on the screen.
A few men appear near the lake and then a series of different clips and men on water boards play one after another as they all waterboard quickly on the water and some are doing flips while holding onto the rope.
A woman in pink shorts appears and she is briefly shown water boarding as well.
Now a man is sitting on a boat while a large remote controlled airplane is flying towards him, and a standing man quickly grabs it before it hits the face of the sitting man, and the sitting man turns to the camera to give a shocked and relief look on his face.
The clips of various people waterboarding shows up again and they are all still holding onto the rope while standing on the boards and doing jumps, flips and other tricks.
The outro clip begins and it's similar to the intro.
A woman wearing number 177 is standing in place, she crosses her heart and get prepared to run.
She breathes in deeply and starts to run really fast down the field.
She  jumps up  high and lands right in the sand on to her butt, they show mulitple replays of her performance.
She bends over and fixes her uniform, dusting off her bottom as she walks away.
A small group of people are seen standing around a field that leads into a game of kickball.
The people kick around the ball and cheer with one another as they score points on their side.
Another team member scores a goal and their teammates run in with their arms up.
A large group of people are seen walking in the snow with several being interviewed on the camera.
They're seen inside a shop sharpening skiis and laughing with one another.
The video starts with a title logo sequence.
A man and woman are in a living room demonstrating exercises.
The woman lays on the ground.
The man starts pointing to different areas of the woman's body as she does an exercise.
The woman begins to do small sit ups.
The woman ends with a final title logo sequence.
A group of people in snow gear are shown snow boarding on snow covered snow slopes with visual emphasis shown to a particular snow boarder in a green coat.
A man in a green coat snow sleds over many surfaces up and down slopes as he passes other snow sledders while surrounded by bare brown foliage and snow covered roofs and hills.
As the man snowboards, one person he passes falls down and break his sled and several of the other skiers perform trick as they snowboard including snow boarding off of elevated platforms and doing jumps as they snow board.
Two men are shown speaking at a party playing pong with two other men.
The men keep getting the balls into the cups back and fourth and one jumps on the back of the other.
The credits of the clip are shown.
A guy is standing, gesturing, and instructing in a gym.
A man demonstrates a gymnastic stunt on a hand platform.
The man poses with his hands extended in the air.
The credits of the video are shown.
A man gets pumped up to do a long jump then does it.
Others go next and try to get the crowd pumped up for their respective long jumps.
The man wearing gray sweater is playing guitar.
The man looked on the guitar.
The man in blue shirt play his guitar, then poke the threads.
A man wearing a black coat is standing on the sidewalk.
He walks up to a car and starts scraping the snow off the windows.
The snow falls onto the ground in front of the car.
An athlete is seen standing ready holding a pole and begins running down a large track over a beam.
The woman then jumps over the beam and throws her arms in the air to celebrate and run around the field.
The woman does flips on the mat while celebrating and ends with her jump shown again and her sitting in front of her score.
We see an opening title screen.
We see a man prying shingles up around a pipe.
The man then pushes the pipe down and nails it.
The man add tar to the pipe base and nails shingles down around it.
The man then puts tar under the top shingle.
We see the house and a truck parked in the driveway.
A man is is laying carpet in a room.
A woman is looking at carpet samples in a shop.
Men are on their knees installing hardwood flooring.
Several shots are shown of a celebrity walking the red carpet as well as a woman hosting a news segment and pictures being shown beside her.
More pictures are shown as well as the celebrity skiing and snowboarding and ends with men escorting the celebrity into a building and more pictures as the woman speaks.
A girl swings on monkey bars on an outdoor playground.
The girl misses a monkey bar and then looses her grip and falls to the ground.
a lady and a young girl are in room with a Christmas tree.
The lights are turned on on the tree an the little girl dances in front of it.
A young boy plays with and takes ornaments off the tree and shows them to the camera.
The man take it and shows it to the camera then puts it back.
Two gymasts are performing in front of a crowd.
One is spinning constantly on a beam.
The man in red mounts and begins to spin, performing several tricks.
The man dismounts, and puts one victorious arm up into the air.
A man picks up a weight over his head and drops it on the ground.
A man picks up a bar and raises it several times.
A man in a black shirt is standing next to him.
Another man stands next to him and lifts a bar with him.
A man wearing headphones is in a studio, speaking into a microphone.
Other men are shown, one of which begins playing a harmonica.
He stops playing and says something that makes the DJ laugh.
There are many women in a gym, wearing boxing gloves and athletic gear punching on hanging bags.
The camera pans to show a wall and the words "iLoveKickboxing dot com" is on the wall along with a logo that includes a heart with wings and boxing gloves hanging from the bottom of the right wing.
The room pans back to the rest of the room and continues to show many women still punching the hanging punching bags.
We see a GoPro and the title card.
We see the water and a boat full of people riding on the water and put on wet suits and enter the water.
We see the people underwater swimming around.
A person is swimming in a crevasse.
We see an animal on a rock.
We see part of a ship.
We are shown various sea life.
We see the people near the ship.
People are holding a large sea-slug.
We see a large underwater turtle on the ground.
Bubble float to the surface and the video ends.
A man demonstrates Tai Chi combat with other person.
The man performs Tai Chi while talking, then he shows the movements with the man.
After, the man moves the body and the hands while explaining.
A woman sits on a couch and clips the front and back paws of an orange and a black and white cat as they sit in her lap.
An orange cat stands on a couch and sniffs the cushions.
A woman sits down on the couch and puts the orange cat in her lap and begins to clip the front and back paws of the cat.
The woman puts the orange cat down and picks up a black and white cat with whom she does the same clipping of front and black paws, after which, the black and white cat runs off away from the couch.
The opening credits for a film appears on the screen.
Several young men are shown performing various stunts on skateboards.
They jump on tables, over fountains, and down stairs.
A rope is strung between two trees.
A man walks on the rope.
He falls several times off the rope.
Eventually he is able to balance and walks back and forth.
A vanilla sponge cake is shown on the title screen.
A white plate is then placed on a brown table alongside four brown eggs.
They are then put in a silver bowl and they are whisked at a rapid pace as sugar is gradually added it and the whipping continues.
After,milk,butter,flour,banana pudding,salt and vanilla extract are shown on a table.
The milk and butter are heated up then added in a large bowl with the cake batter to be whisked.
The vanilla is then added and poured into another bowl before the final product is shown.
A team is on a field, trying to get the ball from their opponents.
They are playing a game of lacrosse.
They fight over the ball, trying to get it into a goal.
A man is bull fighting =, he has a pink sheet and is running away backwards from the bull that is coming toward him.
There are three men now and one of them gets completely trampled by the bull.
Then about six more men stand in a line messing with the bull.
It's very dangerous messing with a bull and teasing him, these people can seriously get hurt.
A small boy is immersed into pool water as he looks around.
He floats and swims with his mother's help.
He blows bubbles, and she removes him from the water.
man is standing in a green field preparing himself to make a cricket shot, other man is watchim him and take off the hat and the sunglasses and the man is really sweaty and prepare to make the shot and to score which he did, they enjoy and hug each other and the man throw the ball.
men are seating on a couch in a living room and are talking to each other and to the camera.
winner and information of the video is shown.
The camera man opens a door and watches a woman leaving forward in a tub.
The woman talks to the camera man while washing several clothes in a tub filled with water.
The woman learns down exhausted and turns back to the camera man quickly then back to the tub.
A woman paints a square frame with legs.
She turns it and paints another side.
The camera pans to flowers.
A man in a toga skates on rollerblades in a parking lot.
A person holding a camera is standing to the side watching the man on rollerblades.
A pregnant woman is slowly moving in a room.
She moves side to side as she goes.
She lifts her feet and arms, doing several martial arts moves.
A boy is standing in the woods with another boy.
He lights a fire, then throws it at a pile.
The two boys stare at the pile while it burns.
A dog is put into a bath tub.
A girl pours water onto the dog out of a cup.
She rubs shampoo on the dogs fur.
She dries the dog off with a towel.
To teams play hurling in a field while holding stick.
A woman stand and a lady walk on front a bench.
The referee extend his left arm.
A screen with text gives details of an event.
Boys faces are seen up close in an intense facial expression.
Two boys play an intense game of table soccer.
The boy wins the game and the other strikes him with a handle of the table tennis game.
A diver is swimming under the blue water.
Two divers wearing their oxygen are under the water, they are holding onto the strong rope.
The divers dive deeper to into the water, they swim towards a coral bed under the water.
The people are riding the white boat towards the ocean.
A class of kids are at outside at school dressed in uniforms with their teacher standing next to them.
As they are in line,one girl is in the middle of a game of hop scotch,turns around,finishes and gets back in line.
Once she is finishes,all of the other kids takes their turn one by one.
A person is lathering up a dog's fur with an purple shower head attached to a green hose.
The dog shakes his fur.
The person continues wetting the dog.
A woman peels a potatoes in a rustic kitchen.
Then, the woman takes another potatoes and peels it with a knife.
After, the woman puts the potatoe on adish.
A young boy is seen stretching in a circle while taking his shirt off and looking off into the distance.
The boy then begins performing various martial arts in front of a large crowd.
The boy continues kicking and spinning around while ending to bow to the camera.
A man is seen laying on the floor and begins demonstrating how to properly perform dance moves as well as the wrong way to perform them.
The man continues moving all around the floor and leads into several clips of people performing the move.
A man and dog are seen standing in a field with the dog looking to the owner.
The man throws a frisbee off into the distance and the dog chases after it.
The dog grabs the frisbee and runs back to the man.
A group of teen boys are outside in a yard.
They gather supplies, then light a fire.
They begin kicking a flaming ball back and forth.
An animated image of a curling brush is shown.
A woman bends down and puts something on a scale.
She then slides across the ice.
A few older men are shown standing in front of monkey bars talking to one another.
One begins climbing along the bars with several other people coming from behind.
One woman falls in the water and many more climb across the monkey bars.
man is in a kichen holding a pan on stove and preparing an omelette.
man is holding a bag and holds the pan, grab some cheese fom he bag and bend the omelette.
An intro leads into several shots of a wooded area and several people bungee jumping off a bridge.
Several shots of people jumping off the side and shown and many standing on the side and close ups of the jumpers.
a comic of a man telling how to wash with a detergent.
a house is shown with a sentence of how to wash the rooftop.
the numbers and address are shown in the advertising.
There are people in a garage standing around a long wooden table that has a lot of red solo cups on it.
They all start throwing ping pong balls in attempt to get them to land in a red solo cup.
Suddenly, one of them falls backwards into the table and the table falls.
All the men start laughing, pull the table off of the man, and only one of the men go to help the person up.
A man is talking as he stands in a kitchen.
The man boils milk and adds fresh vanilla and pours the solution into a bowl with other ingredients.
The man cooks the custard and pours into a  bowl and freezes to make ice cream.
The man cuts and cooks rubarb in sugar on the stove.
He eats the ice cream over the cooked rubarb.
We see a shot of London and fade out.
A male figure is seen in a gym bending on mat and carrying out instructions to the camera on how to perform an exercise.
He demonstrates on how to properly do exercises on an elastic band that is attached to a fixed pole.
He grabs the elastic band and pulls it towards himself.
Afterwards he pushes the band away from himself as he and demonstrates the proper use of the equipment .
Two men are standing outside with a crowd of people lifting weights and exercising.
Many people begin to film the guys on their phone,the weight lifting continues and several people come back to do interviews.
More people are shown and then a logo comes that is sponsored by Reebok.
We see small kids ride BMX bikes on a dirt track in an arena.
The kids ride past the camera.
The kids start passing the finish line.
The man in brown shirt is standing next to a pile of tennis ball while he is talking to the camera.
He played tennis ball with another person.
The man in purple shirt serve the ball while the black man hit the ball back.
A roof is repaired by PVC.
The roof is cleaned and the seal is made again.
People are standing on a hill of snow.
People are snowboarding down a hill of snow.
People are skiing down a hill.
The skiiers stop at the bottom and talk.
A person's hands are seen attempting to solve a rubix cube while the end of a table is shown.
The person continues until they finish the cube and then shows his time on the screen.
A man is in a field with Frisbees in his hand and throws it to his black and white husky dog.
The two continue to do tricks and the dog jumps on the mans back.
More Frisbee are thrown and the dog catches the Frisbee and the man hugs the dog.
A black horse is standing in a stable with several yellow things on his hair.
A woman then appears and begin shaving off all of the horse's hair.
The side is completely gone and when she moves from the back she goes underneath his body to remove that hair as well.
A pair of shoes is on the floor, and a man wearing socks stands behind them.
He takes out a shoestring and begins lacing the shoes.
He then puts the shoes on, and shows how they look.
A person is seen moving themselves along the water while also being shown in slow motion.
The person pushes themselves under the water and continues moving underneath.
The camera captures the man from several angles.
A young girl is seen sitting on a couch next to an adult looking down at their feet.
The girl plays with a toy iron and moves the item up and down on a shirt.
A woman is playing a set of bagpipes in a room.
She laughs as a man helps her adjust the pipes, and continues to play.
People wash a car with water using a hose.
A man stands on the side watching the men.
Then, the men put soap on the car, after they rinse the car with water.
A man gets inside the car.
man is standing behind a counte behind the pool.
two men are standing on top of trampolines and make a Synchronized jump into the pool.
man is going up the stairs to the trampoline.
Gymnast from Ukraine performs long jump in a final competition.
A man holds a white and a red flags.
The gymnast runs in the track until a white line, and jumps to perform the long jump.
Then, a woman from Germany performs the long jump, and after a girl from Australia jumps long on the sand box.
The woman from Germany wins the competition, she runs and greats the public.
A man is seen walking into frame and begins bending down in front of a set of weights.
The man then lifts the weights up and down over his shoulders while the camera watches form behind.
The man walks in and out of frame walking back towards the weights and another man coming into frame to lift.
A person is cutting cordwood using a log splitter.
The wood remaining is shown and stumps are cut up.
We see a man kite surfing.
We pass a person on the beach.
The rider falls in the water.
Water splashes and covers the camera lens.
The person is riding in the other direction.
We see the sand blowing in the wind.
A man is shooting a basketball into a hoop.
Another man starts shooting a basketball into the hoop.
The first man watches the second man.
A guy is crawling on the ground.
The guy is using a box knife to cut the carpet.
The guy looks behind him.
There are a lot of papers on the wall.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into shots of water boiling in a pot.
He takes a bite of the of the pasta and ends with him still smiling to the camera.
Man scraps the ice from his windshield.
The man in black puts a piece of cardboard on his windshield.
Man pours hot water mixture on his cold windshield.
An intro clip appears and it's an animation of a gray rocking chair rocking on a very light gray screen that have orange words that say "THE Strippers!" and the white letters M&R in a dark blue oval.
Clips of the shop exterior and interior are shown and it includes a person in an office, people in the shop working on the wood pieces, people being interviewed, wood supplies, and the finished wood pieces themselves.
The outro appears and it's the video clip of the workers working on the wood pieces, and text appear on the screen that include the shops address, email, website and phone number, the exterior shop is shown again.
The last screen is the light gray screen first shown and include the company name, number and the website.
A man is seen creating sparks onto a metal pole while moving it along the side.
He then puts the torch down and zooms in on the bar.
A little girl performs holding on the rings.
A boy stands next a man, then he raise a hand  and walks to perform on the parallel bards.
The boy swing on the bars, and then jumps on the mat.
A teenage female cheer leading squad walks around on a mat and get in formation.
The routine begins in a manikin challenge and they all begin to do a flip.
After,they do a several straddle jumps and begin thrown up in stands.
Once the stunts are done,half of the team begins doing cart wheels and they all meet back in the middle to do stunts in the air.
More stunts are done and the girls finish by landing in a split,they then get up and hug each other in the middle of the mat.
Several people are at a party.
They are drinking and playing beer pong.
There are people dancing and looking at their phones.
Several clips are shown of people lifting heavy weights as well as jumping on a track.
People are seen jumping over poles, squatting with weights, as well as performing various other exercises.
In the end more people are seen jumping over a pole.
A woman grooms the right body of a horse, she brush the neck,body and legs.
Then, the woman goes to the left side of horse and kneel to groom the legs, and then she brush the other parts of the body.
A man is seen speaking into a microphone with another man on stage.
One man then leads into playing harmonica on the stage while others watch on the side.
The man continues playing while others walk in and out of frame as well as play.
A girl is seen sitting outdoors and holding up a bottle of sunscreen while speaking to the camera.
The girl then shakes up the bottle, pours it into her hands, and rubs it all over her body.
A lady uses a Shisha pipe while sitting.
The lady blows the smoke into a cut, soapy bottle half.
The  bubble pops releasing the smoke.
The bubble float away with the smoke still enclosed and falls to the floor.
We see nurses giving children shots.
We see a laboratory with a scientist.
We see a person in an MRI and we see a doctor looking at the results.
Coffee is poured into a white mug.
Coffee beans are spilling on each other.
We see people making coffee in a coffee shop.
A tattoo parlor is shown from the outside then inside.
An array of tattoo choices are shown on a wall.
An artist is shown drawing and coloring in tattoos on a piece of paper.
Hulk Hogan is seen speaking to the camera while holding up his arms and another man stands in the background.
The man continues speaking to the camera and leads into clips of a boy arm wrestling and another man holding up his arm.
A man jumps on parallel bars and does a gymnastics routine.
The audience is watching him in the stands.
He jumps off and lands on the mat with his hands raised.
A man and a woman are standing outside in the snow talking.
The man is cleaning the snow off of the car.
The girl wears a fur coat and talks to the camera.
The man continues brushing the snow off of the car.
They are sitting inside the car talking.
The credits of the clip are shown.
People kick a ball indoor between yellow cones on fake grass.
A player kicks a ball over a guy's head.
Players kick a ball that knocks down a yellow cone which they pick up.
A young man runs and jumps over a bar onto a mat multiple times.
People run and walk around a track in the background.
The same young man then jumps over the bar using a springboard landing on the mat several times.
People walk around a field house near the track.
A woman is sitting in a chair.
A person is painting something onto their finger.
The woman looks up at the camera.
A person is seen climbing into the back of a kayak with another man and paddling alone the water.
The camera pans around the area and zooms back and fourth along the water and pans to people on the beach.
A man wearing a black vest holds white disc's in his hand while a border collie stands in front of him.
The man steps froward and slaps the white discs on his thigh.
The man steps forward switching each foot as the boarder collie runs between the mans legs.
The man taps his head with the white disc he crouches and the boarder collie jumps on his back and balances their.
The man tosses the the disc over his head and the boarder collie catches it and runs off.
An older woman and young child are seen washing dishes  in a sink and speaking to one another.
The people play in the water and the girl blows bubbles while the woman washes dishes.
A boy demonstrates how to ride a skateboard in the street through example.
A boy stands, outdoors,  holding a skateboard in his arms and then puts the board down and begins to step on it.
The boy  then stands on the board rocking back and forth on it.
The boy then exhibits upper body twists while standing on the skateboard and eventually pushes off and rides into the street on the skateboard.
The boy then returns to the curbside and puts one foot on the board and the other on the ground as he stands still.
Three people are riding skateboards on a road in a city and the text on the bottom left screen say "Three regulars Justice - New Jack" and they are skating fast going forward, turning, curving, bending down and doing other various tricks all throughout the city and not wearing any helmets or other safety gear.
Two of the guys are stopped on a road and then all of a sudden one of them picks up a skateboard and throws it very hard against the wall.
The guys are shown skateboarding again and this time they are wearing helmets as they skateboard down the roads in this city going very fast and doing multiple various tricks.
People are playing a game of soccer in an indoor arena.
A man picks up the ball and throws it someone else.
People fall onto the arena floor.
We see the opening screen and we see landscapes and a sword.
We see a lady talking, then a man.
We see lots of people snowboarding.
Two people shake hands on the landing.
A man in a black room is interviewed then we see a man outside talking.
People high five and we see a lady talking.
A lady throws her arms in the air, people being sprayed, and a man with a sword.
A person puts tape on a leather sofa to form a square.
Then, the person apply foam to a sponge and cleans inside the square.
After, the person clean with a cloth and peels the tape.
Next, the person cleans all the sofa putting foam on a cloth and rubbing the sofa.
A man is standing in front of an armoire as he talks.
There is a close up of the armoire, spanning up its length.
The man touches several cracks and chips in the wood, talking about them.
Several household items are individually shown on the screen.
The man uses the items to scrape, clean, and cover the cracks and scratches.
The finished product, free of cracks and scratches, is shown as the man says his final words to the camera.
Two men are playing ping pong together, one guy is wearing a black suit, the guy in the black suit has a unique style.
The man in the black suit spikes the ping pong ball and celebrates.
The camera scene switches to show the players from another perspective, the player in the black suit makes another spike on the ball.
Now two players proceed to play the player in the black suit at once, he spiked the ball on both players.
The man in the black suit is using nunchucks to play ping pong, they now have 4 players playing against him, the man in the black suit taunts them by reading a book while playing, he also pauses the ping pong balls, takes a sip of water and resumes The man starts laughing at them, and the men are frustrated.
A final challenger arrives and walks towards him.
The challenger spikes the ball so hard it kills him.
People are sitting around a campfire.
A man in a hat stands up and chops wood.
He gives a thumbs up and puts the ax over his shoulder.
A woman in a black shirt is dancing.
She is twirling a baton.
She catches the baton and twirls.
A white cat is sleeping on terra cotta tiles.
White text explains how to clip the cat's nails.
A woman takes the cats paws, clipping them gently with a clipper until they are finished.
People are riding in sailboats from the view of a large ocean liner.
A woman leans against the edge, watching the boats.
We see  man teasing a bull with a flag.
The bull charges at the flag.
The bull charges and goes after the flag.
The bullfighter moves left and the bull follows him.
A woman is seen kneeling into frame next to a patio set.
She then shows off various cleaning tools an rubs them along a chair.
She brings the chair inside and pours paint into a bucket and paints along the side.
She shows off the chair outside again while speaking to the camera.
A man is hedging a bush in a yard.
He cuts the thick brush up and down.
He finishes the hedge, showing off his skills.
We see a lady walking a dog.
We see a man walking the dog.
We return to the lady walking the dog.
The dog pulls the lady down the street.
We see the lady and the man talking.
The man walks the dog up the stairs and in the driveway.
We see the lady put a harness son the dog and walk him as the man watches.
We then see the black closing screen.
An intro leads into several shots of a bike track as well as people moving along the track to race.
The camera continues to capture the people riding around the track in slow motion with one person falling and several watching on the sides.
The people then ride through the finish line an throw their arms up into the air.
The little girl is on top of the monkey bar.
A little kid in colorful shirt is crossing the monkey bar.
The little girl fell from monkey bar and went back to the monkey bar.
A man in a green shirt and green hat is holding a large knife.
He starts cutting a piece of wood with the knife.
He cuts the piece of wood in half.
Three men are seen speaking and waving to the camera that leads into the men playing games with strangers on the street.
The winner gets to kiss the man and the loser gets to slap him.
Several shots are shown of him slapping and kissing girls as well as running around the area to find more people.
A family is in the living room I'm trying to get out after being snowed in.
A man opens the door and tries to jump over the snow that is in the way.
He gets stuck in the snow and his family tries to help him get out.
Once he gets out he throws them a shovel to shovel the snow on the floor.
The video ends with the credits shown on the screen.
We see a man instructing another man on shooting arrow.
The mans first arrow misses.
The man loads another arrow.
We see the targets in front of a backdrop.
The man hits the backdrop and it collapses.
The people all stand around laughing.
The instructor walks over to the targets.
A man in a suit and a woman in a dress are standing in front of an audience.
They begin to dance on the floor.
They finish dancing and the audience claps.
We see a person welding in the dark.
The person pauses and adjusts his helmet.
The man lifts his helmet briefly.
The man lifts and lowers his helmet.
the man looks out from under his helmet.
The man finishes and lifts his helmet.
Two people are seen standing next to one another speaking to the camera and leads into the two performing a dance routine with one another.
The people continue dancing around on the side of a road and ends with them posing and laughing.
A man is seen holding an instrument in front of a large stack of instruments and speaking to the camera.
The man then plays the instrument continuously and ends with him pausing and holding the instrument.
A man dressed in black walks through a long hall in a palace.
Two men in dressed in white practice stretching and prepare for a fencing match while a coach dressed in black looks on with a butler in the rear stands by.
The two men dressed in white put on their fencing masks and begin a fencing match.
The coach dressed in black begins critiquing the two fencers and holds the tips of the swords in his hand.
The coach turns and walks to the butler and begins conversing.
Several couples of men and women are shown performing a tango routine in front of a group of people.
Many people watch on the sides and one couple laughs and walk away in the end.
A man floats in calm water and holds onto a rope while waiting for the boat to drive.
The man bare foot skis on a rope off the side of a boat attempting to stand up.
The man stands up and immediately falls into the water at high speed.
People are skiing in doors in between each other.
A button is pushed on a machine.
People walk into a cabin.
A person is trying on skis.
Other people are practicing skiing on a motor belt.
Two men are on top a ladder in a wrestling ring, a man is bend on the ladder.
Then, the wrestler jumps over the man, and the man and the wrestler fall to the ring.
The judge watch the men.
A group of runners are running in a marathon.
A man high fives a woman in a crowd.
The crowd around them cheers.
A woman in white hat starts walking strangely.
Another woman in a white hat falls to the ground.
The other woman in the hat also falls.
They both try to get up but they keep falling down.
One of the women starts to crawl to the finish line.
The other woman follows her.
A man lifts one of the women and hugs her.
A man holds two swords out and pretends to hit another people holding swords.
He demonstrates again and hands the swords to another man.
He commentates on his ability while continuing to show several sword movements.
Other men begin to fight with the swords.
One man falls down and acts hurt to portray a role in the play Hamlet.
A person is seen running hold a surf board, and is shown again looking at his phone and laughing.
More people are seen in various locations checking their phone and ends with a woman riding an exercise bike.
A person is seen beating eggs and mixing them into a bowl while separating the shells from the eggs.
They mix the eggs around a bowl and place butter and milk into another bowl and mix them all together.
They add several more ingredients to the mixture and show the end result of cookies sitting on a plate.
An intro leads into a woman holding a dog and frisbee and then throwing the fribee for the dog to catch.
The dog brings it back and the girl throws the object several more times, with the dog chaseing and coming back each time.
A young Asian boy is standing in a living room with a mop in his hand.
The boy bends down,picks up a spray bottle and squirts it on the floor.
He then moves the broom back and forth and cleans the floor.
man is standing in a gren field and start jumping the rope.
man drops the rope and explain how to jump and holds the rope again.
Dragon ball z characters are yelling at one another standing in front of each other.
They start to play paper scissors rock to see who will win.
They have watchers standing by very stressed about how it will end up.
They just keep playing and one of the other characters starts to get really angry.
Various shots of plated food are shown followed by a sandwich sitting on a table and a woman holding up pans.
The woman then puts ingredients onto sandwich bread and mixes the two together and takes multiple bites.
A woman talks and smiles while ironing a garment from a laundry room.
A woman wearing a pink shirt and apron stands in a laundry room in front of a washer and dryer and talks facing the camera.
The woman bends down to pick up a garment and then spreads it over an ironing table.
The woman proceeds to iron the garment, stopping momentarily, to spray the garment with a liquid from a white spray bottle, then finishes ironing the garment and holds it to her face and cheeks and smiles.
Several people at an indoor pool jump off of a diving board into the pool water below exhibiting a mix of advanced diving techniques and diving technique mishaps.
Several divers jump off of the diving board into the water below performing many techniques including flips.
More, less successful dives are shown near the end of the clip before the scene fades to black.
A man holding a racket stands in a squash court talking to the camera.
The man bounces and catches a blue ball.
The man then hits the ball off the back wall and catches it.
The man then stands and talks to the camera.
An emblem appears on the screen.
A band appears, walking down the street and across a field as they play for a crowd.
Words appear on the screen talking about celebrating March 4th with a parade.
woman is eating bran flakes and putting some mascara, washing her teeth and cleaning her mouth with mouthwash.
journalists are talking in the news.
A person is seen standing on a court holding a tennis racket.
The man then demonstrates several moves with the tennis racket and hitting the ball to another.
The two continuously hit the ball back and fourth to one another.
A girl is seen climbing across a set of monkey bars followed by her waving to the camera.
She climbs her way back on the bars and jumps down mid way through.
A group of men plays soccer in a sand area.
A crowd watches from the the stands.
A goalie tries to block a ball and does the splits but misses the ball.
Several men stand on a pier.
One of the men is shirtless.
They bring out some raw meat.
One of the men gets on a board and does tricks.
A young man is seen standing in the middle of a room and holding a tennis racket up in the air.
Himself and a man are then seen hitting the tennis ball around while running around the room.
The boy runs away from the man and towards the camera in the end.
A person applies paint designs to a red fingernail on a  plastic hand with a flexible black limb labeled "nail trainer".
A brown plastic hand with a black plastic arm appears with white fingernail tips and red fingernails.
A person's real hand appears and begins to apply white designs on one of the red fingernails on the plastic hand.
The scene then fades to a closeup of one finished red fingernail with a complete white design from the plastic hand.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera and holding up a tin.
She then folds a piece of paper into an airplane and rubs it along the pan.
She then puts a container into the pan while speaking to the camera.
A lady is seen putting wax on a mans shoes.
We see the cloth hanging on the wall.
We see the footprints on the platform.
The woman rubs the mans shoes with a cloth.
We see the cloth on the wall, then the lines of cloth near the shoes shine sign.
A man is standing on a platform.
We see the holographic man on the wall with the paper.
A man is outside smoking a cigarette with his friend.
They are just sitting out relaxing blowing smoke.
Another man with a camera walks by while they sit chatting.
Its a nice day to just relax and have a smoke outside with friends.
A cartoon animation video is shown with people wandering around and rockets being shot.
Two men fight robots of evil and ends with a to be continued.
A model wearing a bikini opens directs the scene and talks behind an I-Pad screen.
A meal is cooked in a frying pan.
People ride on a boat and catch fish.
Surfers ride large waves in the ocean.
Jet skis pull surfers towards waves in the ocean.
A man comes out of a gate on a horse.
He lassos and ropes a calf.
He then jumps down and ties the calf.
An introduction for a vacuum demo is shown on the screen.
The video shows the vacuum being tested against several different challenges by a boy and his father.
The video ends with a screen showing the logo for the vacuum company.
A man is in a kayak in the water making turns with the help of an oar.
Then, the man explains showing and moving the oar.
After the man starts to row in the river and turning the kayak.
A man walks alongside a boy who is mowing the lawn.
He instructs the boy on how to turn the mower and go around a small tree.
He continues walking and guiding the boy.
A boy mows a backyard using a mower that has a collecting bag on back.
The boy pass the sidewalk and turn to the yard to continue cutting the grass.
A still shot of a man on water skis is shown.
It then jumps to the same man water skiing very intently.
He falls a few times and does his best to stay upright.
The video then shows other people trying their best but falling each time.
The video continues to show people falling again and again.
At the end, credits are shown as to who filmed and starred in the video.
A dart board is shown against a wall.
A man lifts his arm in slow motion, throwing darts one after another at the board.
He walks up to the board and reaches for it.
A cartoon of an archway is shown and leads into a man placing tomatoes onto a plate.
He puts onions and other ingredients onto a plate and cuts up several more ingredients.
He places the final ingredients into the bowl while talking to the camera and pans out on the meal he made.
A girl wearing glasses is seen speaking to the camera that leads into her taking them off and holding them to her camera.
She then holds up various items and holds her eye open to put in contact lens for both eyes.
A woman in a red suit is talking behind a desk.
A man is standing up holding his foot behind is back.
People are running down the sidewalk.
A man in a blue shirt is talking to the camera.
A woman in a black shirt is talking to the camera.
People are running down a trail.
A person is shown drawing several lines on a piece of paper that leads into several fast motion clips of snowy areas.
More close ups are shown followed by a person riding down the mountain.
More people riding down are shown and leads into several shots of people performing ski and snowboarding tricks down a mountain.
A close up is shown of a woman's eyes.
She is sitting on a rock, then biking, then adorning scuba gear.
She dives, swimming alongside tropical fish and a nursing shark.
She is finally shown wearing sunglasses, smiling and laughing.
A small group of people are seen standing on a beach playing a game of volleyball.
One person hits it to the other and they hit the ball game.
The game continues on while people are seen watching on the sides.
1 A guy shows the tools to clip his cats nails.
2 The guy wraps up the cat.
3 The Guy cut the cats nails and the cat tries to bite him a few times.
4 The guy lets the cat go.
An old man plays the ukulele and a boy plays the tam-tams in the street.
A person pass on front the players.
Scenes of a small rural village under a heavy rainstorm are shown.
A woman washes items by a container in the rain while other individuals stand around.
A close up of a wash basin by the container is shown.
A blond woman is sitting on a bed in a hotel room videotaping her self in a mirror with a white phone and talking to the camera.
the woman stands up and points the camera to the door into the bathroom where a man is washing his sneakers in the sink with a brush.
The blond woman walks back into the room and shows all the various pairs of sneakers the man has laying all over the hotel room.
The blond woman walks back into the bathroom and video tapes the man holding the white sneakers.
The man is now outside putting polish and plastic tape on the sneakers and he is detailing them with a toothbrush.
There are various pictures of the end product of clean sneakers.
People prepare to go canoeing and then launch their boats.
People then go down the stream.
docto is talking in a consulting room and mixing liquids into a test tube preparing coffee and talking to the camera about benefis of the coffee.
coffe is being served in a cup and is shown the benefits of the coffee in the body.
A gymnast is seen standing ready with her arms up and turns to face the beam.
Just jumps up on the beam and begins perform a gymnastic routine until she falls off.
She climbs back up on the beam and ends by flipping off the beam.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera as well as other people in a car wit her.
Shots of her and her friend are shown through a frame and leads into them looking at tattoos.
They're shown singing in the car and waiting to get a tattoo down while still speaking to the camera.
The girls are then each shown getting tattoos done and ends with pictures of their tattoos being shown off.
A woman is sitting down holding a violin.
She lifts the violin up and starts playing it.
She finishes and lowers the violin.
There are some people knitting with yarn and knitting needles at a cultural center.
A rack of knitted hats and sweaters is stacked up against the wall.
A finished gray sweater with black embroidery is shown.
A women representing The Daily news channel is talking about the sweater and then she wears it.
There are people sitting and knitting with yarn and needles.
There's a man named John George talking about his knitting experience in the class.
He along with his other fellow knitters demonstrates how they knit.
Another person named Charles Henry is talking about his knitting experience at the cultural center.
Several people are seen at the cultural center sitting together and knitting as one of the organizers talks.
The news reporter wears the gray sweater and looks very happy in it.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while moving his arms around and others swim in a pool behind him.
The man continues speaking to the camera and a person jumps off the diving board behind him.
A large group of people are seen playing a tug of war match with one another and pulling onto a rope against one another.
The people continue playing with one another and ends with one team winning and the crowd cheering.
A man is seated while playing the drums, with a woman instructing him standing next to him.
He hits the drums back and forth as they talk.
He then talks extensively about how to play the congas.
He demonstrates by playing further while talking.
boy is skateboarding in a skate park at night.
boy is skateboarding in a sidewalk with peopl walking by.
man is skateboarding in street and a car almost run over.
scenes of men  skteboarding in a fences and falling off.
A man is preparing to run and jump.
He runs very quickly down the track.
He takes a flying jump over the high bar onto a mat.
An introduction comes onto the screen for a video about a tour for a band.
They are shown getting haircuts in a barbershop and commentating about the haircut.
They are also shown jamming out in a session with several people dancing around and having a good time.
The video ends with the closing credits shown on the screen.
A man in a pink shirt is holding a cord in his hand.
He starts vacuuming the carpet in front of him.
A young girl is seen standing at a ballet bar performing ballet moves.
A girl is seen dancing on stage followed by a large group of girls warming up.
The girls continue stretching and lead into the woman pointing her foot.
A little toddler is walking down the street holding her dog leash.
The dog is walking ahead of her not pulling her, he is very gentle.
The dog stops to sniff around and then begins walking again.
The little girl trying to follow closely behind him.
An intro filled with special effects of different screens coming together appear and the end result is a square sign that reads "GETITSWEET GET IT SWEET 2014" and the color them is white, pink, dark pink, and brown with the effect of chocolate dripping from the top portion of the sign.
A batch of cinnamon roll cookies on a tray appear and a quick list of the ingredients appear along with the actual ingredients in different bowls.
The ingredients are now shown being poured into a large clear bowl getting mixed up with a hand mixer, and instructions occasionally pop up on the screen.
When the ingredients are thoroughly mixed the person flattens it between plastic, cools it, then puts it on a cutting board to roll it out, then adds sugar and cinnamon to the flat surface.
The person then rolls it and puts it on a piece of saran wrap that's next to the cutting board then wraps the saran wrap around it, rolls it a little where the instructions say to cool it for 30 minutes.
Once it's done being cooled it's removed,sliced on the cutting board, placed on a cooking sheet, and then cooked.
The cooked products are then shown on white plates with a cup of coffee and the person picks it up and bites it.
The last screen is a youtube promotion of the person's channel that has 2 small videos you can click on, and wording encouraging you to subscribe.
A woman pole vaults over a tall bar.
She lands on a yellow mat under her.
Words come onto the screen at the end.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into him wiping down another man's back.
He rubs in lotion and then stands up with the man.
The man holds a mirror up to his back and smiles back to the artist.
A girl walks up to a slide, sits down, then goes down the slide.
She walks back to do it again.
A camera captures several shots of sites as well as people standing outside drinking and celebrating.
One man pulls out a weed and a drone is seen flying in the distance.
The people attempt to hit the drone and then are seen driving around on a golf cart around other people.
A man shows up in a guerrilla suit and the drone flies over people playing games and riding around.
A man is seen speaking to the camera followed by several shots of a celebrity and a dummy.
The man then begins coming the dummy's hair and using scissors along the side.
He continues cutting the dummy's hair and using hair gel in the end to spike it up.
There is a man shown lifting a weight that weighs over 90 pounds.
There is a woman who's running on the treadmill behind him.
woman is standing in a racetrack and start running to make a long jump.
man stands and marks the space where the woman jumped.
the long jump is repeated and a new woman is running in the race track to make the long jump too and a man sits rise a whie flag.
woman is in race trakc while other men are in the background and the woman makes the long jump in the competition and then a repetition is shown along the results.
A man is in an indoor racquetball court, talking as he holds a ball and racquet.
He lobs the ball back and forth against the wall, interspersed with talking about the game.
He speaks for a while longer before the video ends.
A man is seen outside dancing to himself while wiping a rag on the car.
The weather is pouring rain and the man continues to dance around the car holding a rag.
The man moves to the front of the car followed by taking his shirt off and waving to the camera.
A group of people are inside a building.
They are playing a game of foosball together.
They kick the figures back and forth, trying to win the game.
woman is in the news talking to the camera about a hand sunscreen.
woman is holding a sunscreen tube and put it in her arms, hands and face and the woman in studio keeps talkin about the natural sunscreen.
A woman claps her hands together.
She sprints down a track.
She jumps into a pile of sand.
She jumps up in the air.
A man is seen speaking to the camera in various clips as well as shooting a bow and arrow.
The man demonstrates several times how to properly shoot a bow in different locations while looking back to speak to the camera.
A man at his dish washing job has a very unique way to do his dishes at a very fast speed.
He throws all the plates one by one very fast.
They all land into the sink on top of each other after he wipes them down, some of them fall out a bit.
The he pushes them all down into the water.
We see a boat pulling out of the dock.
We see the boat driving as a person jet skis behind it.
We see the skier without the boat.
We see the boat from above again.
The skier falls into the water.
We see the skier ski and perform 4 flips.
We see the skier ski.
We see the skier swim towards the boat.
A person in the boat raises their hands in the air.
A large band is walking down a parade and there a lot of people walking alongside, and standing on the sidelines watching or taking photos and videos.
The view changes to women carrying and swinging flags on a pole and then switches back to the large band that comes to a stop and continues to play for the crowd.
The band resumes walking and so does the crowd around and behind them.
A chef is seen standing before a table with various objects laid out and pulling a piece of food out of pot.
He shows the object to the camera and begins peeling it out into a bowl.
The person then cuts up the food and continues peeling more into a pot.
A girl walks onto a mat, bowing before the judges.
She performs several martial arts moves using a large wooden stick.
When she is done, a man blows a whistle.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera using her hands and leads into her kneeling down dumping a bucket.
She then uses a rake to rub it all the dirt around the tree while still stopping to speak to the camera.
We see people deep sea diving.
We see the surface of the ocean.
We see people holding hands underwater.
People are throwing up hand signs.
We see a man throw a hand sign and we see people standing in the water.
A man goes under the water slowly.
A man is rubbing his hands in a frantic manner as he stands next to a female.
The camera shifts and you can see he is in a casino playing a game of Black Jack.
Once the dealer has flipped over all of the cards,the two are shown again talking and smiling.
a little girl is sitting in sand where she has been trying to make a sand castle.
Adults and another girl laugh as they try to build something in the sand.
A man puts on welding safety gear.
The man starts welding something on a metal table.
He stops welding, lifts his face mask and adjusts things in the table.
He then lowers his face mask and starts welding again.
He stops and lifts his mask again.
He uses a tool to hit something on the table before sanding it.
The man pulls off his gloves while walking to the camera.
He brings the camera to the table to show the work he has done.
Two people are shown walking around with a rug over their shoulders and walk inside a building.
They open the rug then pull out measuring tape and hammer down the rug.
They then put plaster all over the floor and present the finished product of the rug by shaking hands with the owners and smiling for pictures.
A caveman is seen walking a purple rock.
He runs into a big dog and the dog eats the caveman.
A God walks a poodle.
A cowboy walks his dog and is shot outside a saloon.
Chaplin is seen walking his dog.
A hippie dog lies down on the floor and seems to be hallucinating.
Dogs and spacecraft are seen exploring space.
Parchment paper is placed on the baking sheet.
Softened butter is placed in a mixing bowl.
The mixer then begins to cream the butter.
Sugar is added to the mixing bowl to be beaten in.
Flour is measured, and combined with cornstarch which is measured then mixed into the bowl.
Dough is measured out by spoonful, rolled up and placed on baking sheet.
The dough is flattened and baked into cookies.
The cookies are then placed on a baking sheet, then rack to cool with a spatula.
The cookies are cooled to be enjoyed.
A green splash appears against a white back drown.
Then a series of words appear across the screen and showing various pictures describing the terms.
A man is then shown standing on a ladder laying wall paper.
After,the man cuts the wall paper and gains assistance while putting the paper on the roof.
The two finish and give each a high five.
Finally,several rooms are shown displaying the work they've done.
A little boy is in a yard, using a leaf blower.
A little girl soon joins him, raking leaves.
A man walks through his yard and retrieves a push leaf blower.
The man walks the blower around the yard and blows leaves to the side.
The man finishes and pushes the leaf blower beside the fence with the other machinery then walks away.
A boy is sitting behind a table.
He picks up a beer and takes a drink quickly.
A woman grabs it away from him.
A group of athletes row on canoes during a race in between buoys on a waterway.
The men cross the final numbered buoys and glide while slowing down after the race.
A large marching band are seen standing in the middle of a big crowd.
The band then begins playing with one another in the circle.
The people continuing playing with one another while people watch on the sides.
A girl dressed as a tomboy and a boy dressed in a red shirt are standing in a room across from each other in a messy room.
The two begin to grab each other and they begin salsa dancing.
They continue dancing and spin each other around and doing a some type of salsa dancing.
People are standing in a circle clapping.
Two people start fighting in the circle.
Women are dancing and holding sticks.
A dog is outside in a large field and runs towards a man holding a yellow Frisbee.
The man then begins walking and throws the frisbee for the dog to catch.
He throws it several time and the dog catches each and every one.
A wrestler picks up another wrestler from the ground.
The wrestler lifts him up into the air.
Lastly, the wrestler drops him hard onto the floor.
A man in a white shirt is chopping a piece of wood with an ax.
He swings at the wood and misses and hits the ground.
Another  man carrying a pot walks up behind him.
A black man gymnast prepares to perform on a parallel bar exhibition.
The man mounts the parallel bar and goes into a handstand and performs a series of spins and moves.
The gymnast goes into his dismount and lands a perfect landing on the mat.
A person gets off a plane.
A person is rollerblading through a city and hanging out with friends.
This happens in many different places, but it basically the same thing.
A graphic is seen with logo title.
A Google map shows different city locations.
Teammates in jumpsuits run navigate through a course of wooden crate obstacles aiming paintball guns.
The men receive gear from a rental shop including clothes and weapons.
The two teams walk in a line together entering the course to play.
The men fill their gun hoppers with ammo.
The teammates navigate through a course with inflatable obstacles aiming for opponents.
A man is hit in the face mask to end the game.
a hand is shown on a table with different supplies.
A man is seen taking all the parts of a bicycle out of a box.
He assembles the bicycle in the yard.
A body of water is shown.
A person takes a lid off of a pot.
They show a camp site with a tent.
They put a cloth into the bucket.
A small group of people are seen swimming around the wall while the camera pans around and watches them.
The kids continue to move around the water as adults walk by as well.
More shots are shown of kids playing in the sand.
A large group of people are riding in a huge raft.
They paddle down the rapids, trying to stay upright.
They flip over, falling out of the raft.
A man is seen stretching on the floor followed by people fencing with one another.
People move back and fourth around an arena fencing with one another and the camera capturing their movements.
They continue fighting back and fourth and end by walking away.
A shop attendant holds up the hula hoop and shows how to grip it.
The woman drops the hoop and lets it spin around her body to the ground.
The woman drops the hula hoop and lets it spin around her body then catches it.
The woman practices swinging the hoop between two legs.
The woman catches the spinning hula hoop as it falls between her legs.
The woman spins the hoop upwards around her body.
There is a woman shown throwing knives into wood and taking them out.
