As onlookers clap, the squad turns around in unison.
The squad does their routine.
The squad ends their routine and exits the floor.
A woman is holding a bottle of purple nail polish up to the camera.
She then applies it to her nails.
When she is done, she shows off her nails and the polish one last time.
A group of women are gathered in a room, then go to the beach.
A woman photographs the others under the pier.
They talk to the camera between shoots.
A man in a brown suit is talking.
People are running around on a field playing lacrosse.
A close up of a piano is seen followed by a person walking into frame.
The person then stretches out their nails and begins playing the piano.
The person continues playing on the instrument and stops to turn off the camera.
man is riding a motorbike in a dusty path inside a dome.
motorbikes are riding bikes doing motocross in a field inside a dome.
people are in bikes in a competition.
A guy is tattooing a lady's upper arm.
The lady is in pain.
The guy whips with a white paper towel.
A group of people, children and families live, travel, and ice fish on a vast ice and snow covered piece of land.
A group of men and a woman talk to a camera while showcasing fish caught and live fishing in ice holes on a snow and ice covered terrain.
Several people fish in ice holes with children nearby while other drive across the ice terrain.
Fish are shown , local animals native to the area, toilets, cars on the ice, children, people holding fish just caught and ice holes where the fish are coming from along with dogs pulling snow sleds.
woman is sitting on a couch with a cat on her legs, he grab a scisoors from the table next to her and starts cutting the front cat nails.
she looks his back paws and gave her cat some cat food.
the girl congratlate the cat and put him on the floor.
People run in a marathon in the street.
A man head the race and run alone in the street.
Suddenly, the man crashes into the car and falls.
A man in yellow and black suit welds a steel.
He stops the welding job.
Then he moves away and inspect it.
A large group of people are at a carnival playing in their own bumper cars and a few of them bump into one another and come to a stop.
They laugh and begin to pull their bumper cars away from one another.
The people start driving around again where they all continue to either bump into one another or just drive around.
Eventually all the bumper cars come to a complete stop and the ride is over.
A news anchor in white coat is talking in front of the camera.
The player kicked the ball and hit the goal.
Two players in the court started to argue and pushed each other and fight, one of the player threw the ball to the other person, the players started to chase and pushed each other, then team in blue uniforms walked away.
Team in white uniforms stayed at the court and cheered.
An athletic man is seen standing ready and begins running down a track and jumping into a pit.
The man celebrates as his score is shown and his jump is shown again in slow motion.
A screen says triple jump on it.
A man is standing in a field before running and jumping into a square of dirt.
He walks away from the jump and talks to the camera.
It is shown again in slow motion.
A leaf blower is shown blowing a large pile of leaves across a green lawn in front of residential houses.
The leaves fly up in the air but stick largely together as the the leaf blower wipes the ground clean of brown leaves and starts to form piles on the lawn.
The camera occasionally and finally settles on a yellow riding lawn mower sitting in the yard beyond the piles of leaves.
A man kneel on a ball and holds a rod.
The man push her body forward pushing the rod.
Then, the man bring his body to a straight position, then again bring his body forward.
A woman is seen standing behind a counter speaking to the camera and then beginning to peel a potato.
She continues to peel potatoes while pausing to speak to the camera and smile.
A woman and one other person paddle in an orange canoe in a calm body of water surrounded by mountains, trees, and bushes.
The woman is at the front of the canoe paddling and the other person, who is wearing a face covering hat, sits behind the woman.
The two people paddle from the left and pass a line of bushes in front of a mountain.
The two people then paddle further away from the mountain and closer to the middle of the body of water.
A man washes a car with a brush, while three people rinse the car with hoses.
A man sprays detergent on a car.
A person that wears a red t-shirt sprays detergent on a car, then two men rinse the car with hoses, while other cars are covered with white detergent.
Two men are outside talking to one another and they begin doing arm stretches.
They then stop and do a series of Rock,Paper,Scissors.
A man and a woman dressed in a black evening gown and a black suit dance in a ball room dance style in a large room with stone floors and grated windows.
The man and woman begin with a fast dance with a lot of foot work twirling around the floor.
The man and woman then begin a slow dance in which they glide, caress, spin and twirl each other across the floor at times lingering in smoldering postures that imply romance.
The man and woman then begin to dance fast again utilizing fast twirls and foot work and with the man picking the woman up and spinning her around in the air until one final dip.
Two people are dressed in all black riding their bicycles down the road.
The two boys are then pictured on a split screen against each other putting on their helmets.
The two then put on their green biking gloves and get back on the bikes.
A skate park is then shown and one of the boys begin doing tricks over the bumps.
Once completed,the bikes are walked over and the boys begin to shake each others hand.
After the tricks continue and they keep jumping and doing tricks over the hills.
We see the starting title card.
A cheerleader jumps and a boy walks up and talks.
We see the girl perform cheerleader jumps and arm maneuvers.
We see her feet up close.
The girl stretches by bending to the ground, and sits on the ground stretching.
We see the ending title screen.
A huge crowd is gathered outside.
They are all performing an exercise dance known as zumba.
A man is sitting on a bucket ice fishing.
He stands up and pulls a fish out of the hole.
He cuts the hook out of the fish and throws the fish on the ice.
He sits back down on the bucket.
People are skiing down a snowy slope very slowly and gracefully.
A little boy is bending down trying to catch more speed, he is pretty good at skiing.
They continue forward very slowly taking their time and enjoying the experience.
they start to slow down a bit almost stopping but then they build back up and continue on.
Two men are seen speaking to one another in front of the camera while moving their hands around to their voices.
The men continue speaking with one another while acting crazy on the couch and pointing to one another.
Beer and other alcohol is shown on a counter in a kitchen.
A man takes a pitcher of beer and begins talking to the camera.
The man proceeds to drink the entire pitcher of beer.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera while a woman swims back and fourth in the pool behind her.
Clips are then shown close up on how to perform proper swimming techniques while the camera interments with the woman speaking.
A group of people line up against a wall in front of a set of balls at the start of a game in a gym.
The group runs up to retrieve the balls.
The group trows balls back and forth with an opposing team in a dodge ball game.
A man gets hit multiple times as he runs forward on the court and retrieves balls.
A young child walks across some sand carrying equipment around her waist.
While on a school field, she throws a stick.
Back on the sand, she continues walking with the equipment attached to her waist.
She throws a pebble into the beach.
On a school track, she throws a stick.
She throws another stick in a grassy field, where her coaches watch on.
A man gives her a medal.
In a grassy field, she throws a stick.
A man is at a mound, spinning a disc around in circles.
He lets go of the disc and watches it fly.
A line of discs is shown before a group of people on the field, choosing their own disc.
People are shown, one at a time, throwing the discs.
The winner stands with his trophy, shaking hands of people who walk up to him.
An athletic woman is seen standing in a circle moving in a slow motion holding a discuss.
She then spins herself around while holding the object and then throwing it off the distance.
Ingredients are sitting on a wooden block.
A person starts mixing the ingredients together.
Words come onto the screen at the end.
A close up shot of a fooseball game is shown as the plastic people push around a ball.
Hands are seen moving the ball around as well as grabbing the poles to play.
A woman removes the snow on the top of a car using a brush, also removes snow on the side windows and back window.
After, the woman continues taking snow from the hood of the car and the front window that has a lot of snow.
A dog runs around a house from room to room.
Two men take the dog into the bathroom and get him in the bath tub.
One of the men washes the dog.
The other man records what is happening.
The dog hops out of the tub and one of the men dries him off.
One man holds the dogs mouth open while the other man brushes the dogs teeth.
Title cards flash across the screen.
Images of rafts are shown.
We see people sitting in their raft then start rowing.
A waterfall spills into the raft.
Two boats of rafters raft down a river.
The first boat splashes the rear boat.
The rafters splash each other.
A raft turns over in the water and rafters float to the river bank.
A van is then driving down the road.
The end title card appears on the screen.
A few kids are seen standing on a stage followed by the children pushing a puck along the ice.
Several people are shown playing the game around them and panning to the audience reacting as well as people standing on the sides.
A close up of a person's face is shown as well as driving and laying out a surf board toy.
The man controls the machine along the water doing jumps and tricks and speaking to the camera.
News clippings of a water polo player are shown, as well as images and stills.
We then see the water polo games in video, as the players try to lob the ball into a net.
The people fight over the ball, and a small crowd claps and cheers.
We see an opening title screen.
We see a ladies hands with nail polish on them.
The lady puts tape on her finger around her nail and puts clear and white polish on them.
The lady adds drops of nail polish to a glass of fluid and pulls it through.
The lady puts her nail in the cup and uses a stick to remove the polish.
The lady pulls the tape of then puts a clear coat over her fingernails.
We then see the ending title screen.
A dancer positions herself to begin her dance.
The dancer performs her dance routine holding a wand.
The woman throws her wand as part of her dance and runs to grab it and resumes her performance.
The woman takes a bow, finishing her dance.
An introduction comes onto the screen for a video about a sporting competition.
A woman is interviewing another woman about the competition and all the events.
Several clips are shown of people enjoying different sports and activities.
After the interview ends, the closing credits are shown with graphics.
A person dressed up as Darth Vader plays a violin on the sidewalk.
People walk in front of him.
A person is seen throwing a frisbee off into the distance and a dog chasing after it.
Several shots are shown of dogs running after frisbees after their owner throws them.
More dogs are seen chasing after the frisbees while the owner watches from behind.
A small dog is seen standing in snow and a person pushing snow with a shovel.
The dog follows the person shoveling while biting at the shovel and barking at the camera man.
A man dressed in black plays a saxophone on a pool patio.
The saxophone player glances over to his keyboard player.
The camera pans over to the keyboard player playing a Korg electric piano.
People are playing croquet on a field of grass.
A map of the world is shown.
Trophies are shown on the screen.
A groip of dancers are on stage doing a routine for the audience.
The car show shows the inside of some pretty neat cars with beautiful exteriors.
Another group of dancers take turns break dancing on their heads.
They go one by one and are circled by and audience watching around them.
A shot of a sunset leads into a large group of people riding camels along the beach.
Many people are seen riding the camels one after another on the sand.
The video continues on showing more people riding the camels and others leading in the front.
A man is playing cymbals under a bright light on a stage.
He is joined by a woman on a bass drum.
Then they are joined by other drummers, and a man on a huge set in the background.
Lights flash as they perform in unison.
A man is seen wearing a reef blower and blowing all around a trampoline.
Kids are seen jumping on the trampoline while the man blows around them.
The man continues to blow as the kids jump around.
A person is spreading something green on bread.
They put the sandwich into a grill.
They take the sandwich off the grill and put it onto a plate.
A man is sitting on an exercise machine.
He pulls a bar in front of him and starts working out.
He drops the bar and finishes.
The credits of the clip is shown.
A person cracks their hands.
Birds flock the sky above the dirt track.
A person's shadow  moves over the surface of a white trailer.
A person rides a dirt bike.
A person shovels dirt.
A person stands with sign at the end of the dirt race track.
A person lifts a dirt bike and places on a stool.
A male child runs and smiles.
A helicopter hovers over the race track.
A lady pulls on a rider's helmet.
The credits of the video are shown.
A female gymnast jumps onto a balance beam and do many tricks and flips and lands back on her feet.
the gymnast does two nice back flips back to back while keeping her balance and landing prefect on her feet.
finally the female gymnast finishes with a high twice flip off the balance beam in the air and lands on the mat prefect.
Two people are seen riding on skis behind a boat with one person having a child on their shoulders.
The people all hang onto one another while the young child climbs on top of them and falls off in the end.
A man is sitting on top of a horse.
He begins getting chased around the arena by a man pushing a wheelbarrow.
The horse runs from bull in the pen.
A man props his leg on the side of a tub.
He is shaving his leg with a razor, revealing a tattoo underneath.
When he is done, he wipes off the hair and shows a tattoo of homer simpson as the grim reaper.
A gymnast is shown swinging back and fourth on uneven bars.
He performs a routine swinging around and around while hundreds of people watch.
He finishes by sticking his arms up in the air and bowing to the audience.
Wall paper on a wall is shown.
A person puts a piece of wax paper on the wall paper.
They run a brush down the front of the paper.
boys and girls are stading in a court practicing cheerleaders choreography and a woman is talking in a studio on news.
high scoo musical scene is show and a man practicing is being interviewed and scenes of bring it on is showed.
A countdown of text is shown that leads into clips of sumo wrestlers performing impressive throws.
The video continues counting down as more shots are shown of sumo wrestlers fighting one another and people watching on the side.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while presenting various objects in front of him.
The man then uses a marker to dig up the side of a table and fill it in.
He shows how to use the pen on several objects while filling it in and sanding it afterwards.
Several shots are shown of large groups of people running around a field.
Audience members are seen cheering while people play soccer on the side.
People continue playing up and down the field while others watch them play.
News anchors introduce a clip sitting at a desk in a newsroom.
President Obama introduces and interviews a band playing on stage.
President Clinton plays the saxophone on stage with a band.
President George Bush dances with an African drum player and other diplomats.
A woman in a yellow shirt is holding a bottle in her hand.
She opens the bottle and pours it into a bucket on the ground.
She puts a mop rag into the bucket and puts it on her mop.
She then lifts the bucket out of the room.
She starts mopping the tile on the floor.
A man in sweat shirt washes plates and cups in a sink with soapy water.
The man picks up silverware soaking in sink and washes them off.
The man washes pots and a cutting board.
The man washes a coffee press gadget.
The man turns off the water and drains the sink.
A group of friends ride inter tubes through small rapids in a tropical jungle.
The group goes past large boulders popping up out of the water.
A fox news icon appears on the screen.
A group of people are in a building, playing a game called beer pong.
The news reporters gather in their studio to play beer pong.
A male and female reporter attempt to throw the balls at the cups.
The woman walks away laughing as the other reporters continue to talk.
They resume playing before the fox news icon again appears onscreen.
People are indoors and the focus is on various clips of various different people fencing one another.
A fencing match between two women begin and the wording on the screen say's their names are Michelle Li & Cindy Gao, and they are shown fighting from various different angles doing many fencing moves.
When they are done fighting the women are shown standing close together, smiling, and the woman on the left has her arm resting on the shoulder of the woman on the right.
The outro is a white screen with multiple colors on it that include logos, website and the name of the event.
Business details are written in white text on a black background.
Men wearing jackets pressure wash a white car in a parking lot.
Two men wash a black SUV with a pressure washing hose.
Men wash a white car using hand towels.
The business details are seen before end credits for the video are shown.
People are in a city walking, talking and doing activities.
Two men play in the street paper, scissors and stone on front other people.
A man talks with people watching him.
A small child is seen sitting on top of a slide and looking back towards the camera.
The boy then pushes himself backwards down the slide while turning over in the end and jumping off.
A woman is seen running back and fourth on a small track and leads into her putting a helmet on.
She grabs a pole and runs down the track jumping over a bar and onto a mat.
She jumps up and walks over to a group of people keeping her score.
a man is crouching in the woods next to a pile of stones.
He is explaining the building of a fire.
He lights the wood, creating a fire.
A table of various cut fruits appear on screen with the title "Making Drinks".
A person cuts and squeezes lemons followed by the title "Making Lemonade Is Easy and Fun".
Different items needed to make lemonade are shown and titled followed by interviews.
Each step of making lemonade is shown and titled.
People are interviewed drinking the lemonade.
A "Citrus Saturday" logo appears with various supporting organization logos beneath.
Man in purple talks to the camera.
Man in purple walks forward in slow steps.
Man in gray demonstrates how to walk.
Man in gray demonstrates different jumps.
The credits of the clip are shown.
Players play croquet in a lawn.
A guy plays a bag pipe on the croquet field.
Players shake hands to demonstrate sportsmanship.
Players carry a huge check.
A guy steps out of a line and charges at the camera.
People are snowboarding down a large hill of snow.
A person in a green jacket is snowboarding while holding a camera in front of them.
The people get to the bottom and start taking their snowboards off.
A man talks to a camera from an outdoors scene by a slope.
Several quick cuts are shown explaining the terms behind belaying in the context of climbing.
The man talks to the camera again.
More quick scenes are shown explaining the process behind belaying in the context of climbing.
The man talks to the camera once more.
A clip is shown of a bunch of people white water rafting down some pretty tough river streams.
They work in unison and it is very rough.
They almost hit a rock as they all paddle very hard.
A still show of them after making it through is shown with them cheering.
A shot of them in slow motion of the most difficult parts is then shown.
The video shows some more slow motion and fast motion before coming to an end and showing ending credits and a youtube channel name.
A young child is seen standing ready before a game of hop scotch.
The girl then begins hopping on the chalk.
The girl hops all the way to the end and walks back to the screen.
There's a bon fire lit in an open ground next to some tents and bikes.
There's a person dressed in a biker's suit who comes up and sets fire to a pile of wood sticks.
The fire begins to spread through the twigs and wood sticks and bursts into large flames.
A person is seen roller balding around a street while many people are seen walking around him.
A man is then being interviewed by reporters and ends with the camera panning away.
A helmet camera is put on and then a man goes skateboarding.
He zooms through the city and goes on a highway.
He passes a truck and other people.
Young boy talks to camera in front of drum set in a studio.
Young boy plays on the drum set, and the cymbals, while intermittently speaking to the camera.
The boy finishes up recording his drum session and returns to the camera.
An intro for a running video that says Running appears on screen.
A lady commentates over a video of a huge sum of people completing a marathon in New York City.
The video goes to show the top 5 events in the marathons history, The lady commentates over every event, as the video countsdown from 5 to 1 while showing the events occur, She explains every event in detail.
The video concludes with an outro image.
Two people are shown and then several boats are advertised.
After,the two people in the water surfing over large huge waves together.
Next,people on the boat comes into the water as well as on jet skis as a man stands on top of a large cliff over the water.
An introduction comes onto the screen for a funny video about beer drinking.
Some guys in a room prepare to do a trick with a beer can.
They perform the trick and a guy begins to chug the beer.
Shortly thereafter, the guy begins throwing up all the beer into a trash can while everyone laughs.
girls are sitting in a rom and boys are standing behind them boys starts comb the hair.
woman wearing blue sweater crawl on all fours.
boys keep combing the hair and putting some hair rolls on the girls.
woman in the middle is irritated and stands and remove the rolls for th head and sits again and laugh a lot.
A man skips on a truck signed with white lines, when he arrives to the third line jumps high and lands in the sandbox.
The playback of a man performing long jump is show several times.
Smoke fills an empty dark room.
Words appear on the screen, followed by the appearance of men who are kickboxing.
A group plays instruments behind them while they fight.
The two men end the fight with a hug.
A man is seen pushing a board down into the floor to push the carpet down.
He continues cutting around the carpet and pushing it down with a large beam.
A man is seen in several locations walking along a long rope tied to two trees.
The man continues performing several variations on how to walk on the rope as well as jumping up and down and continuing to walk.
A person is holding a red leaf blower.
They begin to blow the leaves in the yard.
They show the leaf blower again.
A man is seen speaking to the camera behind a table with various ingredients and glasses laid out.
The man mixes the ingredients into a glass together and juices a lime into the glass.
He then pushes the ingredients around and pours liquids into the glass, creating an alcoholic drink.
He presents the glass while the ingredients list is laid out and he walks away from the frame.
A pair of female hands uses an iron on a piece of baby clothing.
The woman sets the iron aside and flips the clothing.
The woman uses the iron on the other side of the clothing.
The woman sets the iron aside.
A young boy is talking to the camera in his bedroom.
He removes things from drawers, like lip gloss and puts it on for the camera.
He applies messy makeup and poses for the camera.
A man plays a song on an acoustic guitar in a studio.
The man resets his hands and finishes the song.
A man is smiling at the camera.
He is ironing clothes on an ironing board.
He flips the clothes over and irons the other side.
Several wrestlers are shown lined up in a game with a person choosing his characters.
The game loads into people wrestling with one another in a ring.
The men continue wrestling in the game and end by looking down at a player.
A man in a denim shirt and black baseball cap plays the harmonica at the beach in front of a sandy shore, ocean water and a grass and flower covered knoll.
The man is standing at the top of a short wooden staircase, and, leaning against the railing the man begins to play the harmonica covering the entire instrument with both hands while playing.
A beach goer in shorts walks past him in the distance on the wet sand of the beach.
The man continues to play the harmonica ending by pulling the harmonica away from the mouth and wriggling a large, puffy, mustache dramatically.
A woman puts ice in a glass.
She dumps a bottle into the glass and adds juice.
She stirs the drink and sets it down on the counter.
A person is wind sailing through a body of water.
The person passes someone swimming.
The person turns on their board.
man is wearing a black kimono and isdoing yoga movements.
man is standing in a large green grassy field.
man is slowly walking practicing boxing movements.
A man standing in a yard and playing bagpipes.
The man is taking deep breaths and moving the keys.
A man is outdoors standing on a 4 step tool and swipes his hedge cutter to the right.
The man then lifts the cutters up and begins cutting more towards his left side.
The man stops cutting and begins to step down from the ladder.
Water falls as a man stand on a jet ski.
We see the man jet skiing and performing jumps on a lake.
The man skis with his hand in the water as he bends down.
We see the boat pass us with the skier in the air.
An athletic man dressed in blue approaches the gymnastic horse and stands there and stares at it for a few seconds.
The man then approaches it and puts his two hands on it and begins doing various moves on it where he twists, turns and maneuvers his body very skillfully all around the gymnastic horse.
The the man finishes the end of his routine and jumps off of the gymnastic horse landing on his two feet, holds his two arms up in the air, claps his hands once and then takes a bow.
A man is outside with a lawn utensil and he begins cutting the yard.
He moves a knob and then continues to cut the grass and another woman is shown cutting the yard.
Finally,the man comes back and shows how his the object works to cut the grass.
The person is shown mixing the ingredients.
The person rolls the dough and cuts it into little pieces and flattens the tiny balls out using their hands.
The person uses a fork to put lines in the dough.
Then the person puts the cookies on a baking sheet in a pan and bakes them for 15 minutes.
Then takes the cookies out when they're done.
A close up of a dog is seen who proceeds to run away towards another dog.
The big dog then leads the little dog around on a leash.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while peeling potatoes and looking to the camera.
The camera pans around the man continuously as he continues to peel the potatoes and speak.
Several shots are shown of a man warming up as well as performing martial arts tricks.
A man speaks to the camera while several clips are shown of people flipping and doing tricks in various locations.
The people jump and flip around one another and continue performing parkour.
A camera walks closer to a girl pointing to her eye in the mirror.
She then bends down forward and sticks her face under the water rubbing it along her face.
A young man at an outdoor festival is doing tightrope tricks in front of a crowd.
The young man does various bouncing and balancing tricks on a tight rope a few feet above black mats.
The gets off the rope and walks on the mats off the floor and towards his group.
A child ski on the snow holding two poles and wearing skies.
Adults ski behind the child.
Then the child stops, then start to walk until start sliding on the hill.
A motorbike race is shown on dirt.
The preparations include scantily clad women.
Motorbikes are then shown jumping and doing agility things.
A woman is seen speaking and laughing to the camera and leads into her holding up a magazine and presenting pages to the camera.
The woman presents more objects to the camera and then uses one to brush her teeth while still speaking to the camera.
A lady in black jacket is posing for the camera, then a man with medium length hair is shown, the man touched her hair to check on it, then the girl blow dry her hair.
The lady sat at the center of the studio with her wet hair, she put a white cream on her hand then rub it on her hair.
The girl blow dry her hair with white blower, sectioned her hair, brushed her hair with roller brush while blow drying it at the same time, she roll the brush downwards and upwards.
She styled her hair by brushing and combing it to give more volume.
A man is cutting an onion with a knife on a cutting board.
A woman is reading a newspaper nearby while he speaks to her and shows her something in his hand.
The man sharpens his knives using an electric tool.
He then continues cutting his onion.
A man is seen standing before a large log holding an ax in his hands.
He holds the ax up over his head while still looking down at the log.
He swing the ax down and chops the log in half.
Vacuum parts are displayed on the floor.
A person vacuums the carpet.
A person wets and vacuums the carpet.
A person vacuums or soaks up coffee from the carpet.
A person scrubs and dries a tiled floor with a vacuum.
A person empties the contents of the vacuum in a white sink.
Ways a vacuum can be used are showed in split screens.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while holding up several game of ping pong are played.
The man continues hitting the ball while speaking to the camera and holding up ping pong tools.
The man demonstrates how to properly hit the ball and move his body around and still hitting the ball.
A woman is seen laughing to the camera and begins smoking a cigarette.
The woman takes puffs off of her cigarette while looking into the camera.
The woman continues lifting up her cigarette and blowing smoke into the distance.
A man is standing next a brown horse.
People are riding horses along a dirt trail.
The horses are getting a drink of water.
They continue walking along the trail on the horses.
A picture of a brown house is shown.
An older man is sitting in a tube while an older woman climbs on the back.
The man in the tube is wearing skiis and eventually rides behind the boat with the woman on top.
The couple continue riding on top of each other on the skis while the camera zooms in and out to capture the movement.
A large pile of leaves are seen blowing around a yard as a person uses a tool to push them along.
The camera continues to capture the man blowing the leaves and uses several camera effects on the frames.
A large group of people are seen standing on a stage with people watching on the sidelines.
People take turns jumping onto a large mat over a beam and cheering with teammates.
More shots are shown of kids fooling around while looking and laughing to the camera.
A lady walks down a hall while carrying a bucket of cleaning supplies.
A lady cleans a window with newspapers.
The lady sprays the newspaper.
The ingredients to make the spray is shown.
The lady sprays the window.
A boy and his dog are seen swimming under water in a large bowl.
The two come above the surface and the dog runs around while the boy rubs his eyes.
A man is throwing darts inside a room.
Another man ducks so he doesn't get hit.
The darts hit the dart board in slow motion.
A set of hands are seen putting brush into a stack of sticks and then places cotton in the pile.
He then lights a match and creates a fire and then bends over the fire to put more in.
The camera closes in on the pit and is seen placing logs around the side.
An opening scene with a child with a light saber deflecting lasers as they hit the wall to introduce a show.
A man in a blue t-shirt and glasses is standing in front of an old telephone booth and explains to his followers on Youtube how he had gone to the hospital to fix a damaged knee from an arm wrestling match.
Then a video is shown of the incident where he damaged his knee at an arm wrestling match as these two men sit at a table with a referee overlooking as the man in the glasses at the end of the match falls off his chair and walks off stage.
The lady in pink is belly dancing on the stage.
The man is playing a keyboard, while the other man is playing the drum.
The lady turned around, swirling around the stage and shake her hips.
A girl is doing flips on a trampoline in a gymnasium.
We then see a child dive backward into  pool.
We see the kid on the trampoline.
We then see the kids diving again.
We return to the kids practicing on the trampoline and back to them diving again.
A man stands, screaming loudly as he lifts a barbell.
He lifts a weight above his head.
Another man is shown lifting a weight as a crowd watches.
Several weight lifters continue lifting barbells.
A man is shown lying down as he is injured.
Several hockey players leave a group, skating across the ice.
They begin playing, shooting the puck back and forth, trying to get it to go into the enemy's goal.
A goalie stands alone at his goal.
Everyone gathers again as the referee signals them to play.
Two couples play badminton in a court.
A man enter in the court and goes to sit left the court with other person.
A large patch of grass is shown.
A man is mowing the yard next to the bushes.
He stops and talks to the camera.
A small group of children are seen holding onto a rope with a man standing in front of them speaking to them.
The kids continue pulling with adult's help and then cheer in the end.
A boy is seen holding a stick while other people watch and clap on the sidelines.
The boy holding the stick performs a martial arts routine in front of the people and ends with a pose while everyone around him claps.
A man is wearing a hat and kneeling down on a blue mat.
He starts pulling on a rope on a workout machine.
A person stands on front a wood fire in the woods.
Then, the person light a match and throw it in the wood fire, then a fire lit.
A guy and a lady interact.
The lady holds up papers and books.
The guy claps and cheers.
The lady plays a flute while looking down a the notes on the papers.
The lady stops playing the flute and presents it.
The guy plays a harmonica.
The guy looks angry, and the lady look apologetic.
The guy puts his head down.
The guy and lady wave bye.
The guy takes the flute from the lady and pretends to hit her on her chin.
A man is inside a gym while speaking to the camera.
Other men are working out behind him.
He demonstrates via volunteer how to use a rowing machine.
A cowboy on a horse runs after a cow.
The cowboy jumps off the horse and runs after the cow.
The cowboy ties the cow up.
There is a large crowd shown clapping and two hosts speaking in the beginning.
A line of  men are then shown wearing sumo wrestling outfits.
Two people get inside of the ring and begin fighting.
The two people grab each other's necks and try to knock their opponent down to the ground.
A young man puts lipstick on his lips.
Two reporters talk in a TV set with audience.
Then, the young man brush his face, then people in the audience talk.
After, the young men shows his face with make up.
A person stands on a rope, and then he jumps over a rope.
The person jumps on his feet, as well on this butt and body.
A towel and glass are on a table next to a piece of foam and metal.
A tool is being shown by a man holding it.
The metal is used to sharpen a knife in front of him.
People are riding camels in the desert.
People are walking alongside camels.
A lady looks down and to the side of her camel.
A camp fire burns brightly in the night.
The fire slowly grows in size.
The scene becomes brighter and better lit.
There are trees in the background.
A man in a blue shirt lifts a kid onto a counter.
The kid starts throwing darts at balloons on the wall.
The woman behind the counter hands the boy a toy.
An image is shown of a plate of sardine pasta, along with a list of ingredients.
Water is salted and boiled for the pasta, and vegetables are sauteed in olive oil.
Sardines are added, then mixed with the spaghetti noodles, creating a finished dish.
A man talks on front the drummer and holding two sticks.
The man pretends to play the drums, and then continues talking.
A person is sitting in a tube with other people standing around and pushing the person down a snowy trail.
The person flies down the trail in the tube with another person following down afterwards.
A man is seen walking around a field with a dog next to him.
The man then grabs a frisbee and begins performing tricks with the dog.
The man continues to throw around a frisbee with the dog while others watch on the side.
A large man is seen standing on a large mat walking forward and screaming to the audience.
The man then lifts the bar up then back down and screams out loud.
The same clips is shown again immediately afterwards.
A man is seen walking across a yard while holding a stick in his hand.
The man is then seen playing a game of crochet while others watch on the side.
The man continues to hit the ball around as well as bend down and measure out his shots.
An suv full of friends drives out of a parking lot and onto a resort.
A young girl who was in the car steps out of the car.
The group of friends scuba dive among fishes in a large pool.
They leave the pool excited and happy.
One of the girls who was on the trip gives the trip a thumbs up.
Men pull a rope in a game of tug of war.
A lady bends down to take a photo and a lady walks and films the even.
We see a tower in the field.
The men let go of the rope, one man falls and claps.
A man smiles and gives a thumbs up to the camera.
two guys beginning a arm wrestling match,the guy in the back shirt wins the first match.
the men switched hands and starts a new match.
the finally match was won by the same guy with the back shirt.
A close up of a white fencing mask and a black fencing mask.
A fencing coach gives instruction to the two fencing competitors.
Two competitors discus fencing strategies.
More fencing scenes while a girl and boy argue on the sideline.
More competition with the fencing couch watching and critiquing.
An older man with glasses and gray hairs sits and sings as he plays the guitar.
The man pauses for a second.
The man finishes his song and stops.
We see the ending title screen with a cat on it.
A screen of fighters are shown and then two random images are selected.
Once selected,the pictures move to the top corners of the screen and two people dressed in sumo uniforms stand in the middle of a round-about and begin fighting as cars travel around them.
A woman is seen holding a pose on a stage and leads into another man walking on stage.
The man and woman then perform a dance routine together around the stage while looking at one another.
The two continue dancing and end with a bow and the audience applauding.
We see an opening title screen.
A shirtless man talks in a gym.
A lady runs past both ways then jumps rope behind the man.
We see title screens with instructions.
We see a lady jumping rope eleven different ways.
We see the ending title screen.
We see people on skis falling hard.
We see a person fly into a snow pile.
A person skis and falls as they jump across a street.
A person on skis is holding a line and falls then a person in white crashes into another and they both fall.
A snowboarder can't hold the line and knocks over a person helping and falls himself.
A group of cheerleaders perform in the middle of a basketball court while an audience watches.
A man walks through the bottom of the frame.
The cheerleaders finish, and a group of younger cheerleaders replace them.
A little girl wearing a brown bow is standing in front of the sink brushing her teeth.
The little girl,then turns the water on and spits several times in the sink.
Finally,she puts the brush down,rinses her mouth and dries it with a brown towel.
A person is seen cutting a piece of roof tiling and hammering down the tile for a roof.
He walks through hamming down the fabric and nailing a long board across.
Several signs for tattoo shops are shown, along with a girl speaking to the camera.
She shows off the tattoo she wants to get.
The woman sits in a chair as a tattoo artist makes a snowflake on her arm.
She talks to the camera the entire time as he inks her.
Afterward, she shows off her completed tattoo and speaks about it.
A tall Black male is standing outside clapping trying to gain the crowds participation.
The athlete then takes off and does a triple jump into the pit.
Once he gets out of the pit,he walks around and a replay is shown to make sure that he didn't scratch and the jump can be counted.
Another man approaches the run way and repeats the same step but ends up scratching.
People warm out raising the hands and bending.
Then, people work out doing stepper workout putting a feet each time.
After, people turn before step on the stepper.
Old man is raking leaves outside his home in the fall.
Man is narrating the action.
There is a bike parked next to the house.
A man is seen standing at the bottom of a hole while a man records him.
Two men are seen climbing along the hill and looking up to the camera.
One man pulls the other out and climbs down while they and others speak to the camera.
People are playing a game of volleyball on a court.
People are sitting along the benches against a wall watching.
A boy serves the volleyball.
A camera pans out on a man's back followed by a man performing a flipping dive into a pool.
He is shown twice more performing impressing dives off the diving board and into the pool.
A young kid is smoking a cigarette.
The kid flip the cigarette and tried to put the other end of the cigarette to his mouth.
The young kid continue to smoke, he make faces and then smoked.
man is standing in an icetrack talking to the camera.
people are playing curling in an ice court.
A group of numerous people are walking down a public street.
One couple is walking a pit bull on a leash.
We see smoke billowing from a building as the people walk away.
man is sitting in a handwash and another man enters in the bathrrom and start a conversation.
man is spreading toothpaste in toothbrush and wash their tooth.
A man performs a kettle throw in front of an outdoor stadium filled with spectators in the audience.
A man on a round dirt area on a field swings a ball around and around while standing in place.
The man lets the ball go, where it flies in the air ahead of him.
The man stops and bends with his knees as he watches the ball fly in the air.
A woman is pouring ingredients into a Kitchen aid.
She turns it on and mixes the ingredients together.
She pours the mixture into to cake pans.
A piece of cake is shown on a plate.
A man sits on a rowing machine in a gym and talks to the camera while demonstrating how to use a rowing exercise machine.
The man begins to exercise on the machine slowly , all while talking to the camera, eventually building up to a more fast paced work out on the same machine.
The man begins to demonstrate how to use the digital panel on the exercise machine by pointing at it and talking to the camera.
People are surfing on a large wave in the water.
A boat is in the water.
A large wave crashes in the water.
We see a lady walking down stairs.
She enters a room with kids in it, takes off her coat and starts dancing.
A man enters and the lady and  man perform a fancy dance as the kids watch.
The man throws his coat across the room.
The lady hugs the man from behind.
The lady tries to leave and the man grabs her and pulls her back.
They finish and the man shakes the hands of the kids.
The lady puts on her coat  as a girl talks to her and leaves the room.
A man is standing and talking inside a gym to the camera.
He stands on the open surface, dancing back and forth.
He demonstrates several moves as he goes.
A group of people stand in front of a blackjack table.
The blackjack attendant places cards on the table.
Two men are seen kneeling and sitting before a wall with one speaking to the camera and beginning to lay metal down on the side.
The two line it up as well as drill the metal into place while continuing to drill down more while the man speaks to the camera and shows more shots of his crew working in the end.
An assortment of drum lines are shown practicing in various locations.
Several schools are shown and the SB4TS is in the bottom right corner as a group in blue shirts and black pants begin to perform and make various formations.
A woman is seen pushing a lawn mower along a yard and stopping to pull the string and get it going.
The woman continues pushing the mower along the lawn and moving back to where she started.
A Howcast logo is the opening scene of the video.
A woman is showing paintings of her work.
An instructional slide is shown.
The woman is explaining the materials used.
She then describes the brushes she uses.
She shows the paint pallet and various colors of paint.
She explains the bottles of paint.
She then instructs on  how to clean the brushes with liquid and paper towels.
The video ends with the same logo it started with.
A man is seen bending down before a heavy set of weights.
The man then bends down and lifts the weights over his head.
He continues to hold the weights up and throws them down in the end while walking away.
White text appears on a blue background.
A girl in makeup and cheerleading outfit is shown at a game.
Then we see a gymnast doing flips across a mat before doing a back handspring in several different styles.
A person is at a camp fire poking around at the wood.
The camera moves over to a little boy as he is talking to the camera person.
The camera person continues to narrate the situation as he records the fire.
A Subway employee is standing in the kitchen preparing sub.
On a white piece is of paper is a foot long piece of bread and a row of ham,pepperoni,salami then cheese are added on the sub.
Next,the man puts the sub in the oven to be toasted and moves a tray of cookies to the other side of the counter.
As he waits,he begins talking to his friend and checking the cookies.
Now,the sub is toasted a lettuce and tomatoes are added along with cucumbers,anchovies,oil,vinegar and mayo.
The sub is finally finished cut in half,rolled in paper, and then totaled out on the register.
city with buildings and skyscrapers are in the back and a woman holding a cake is walking and is written how to wrap gifts.
wmoan is sitting in a table and have a box and a a gift wrap on top and its showing how to wrap the gift and talking about it.
decoative tapes are used to make a ribbon aound the gift and is showing how to make ribbons with diferents clothes.
Two teams of hockey players are inside of the rink playing a game.
The puck is hit behind the goal and the team hits it back out and the game continues.
After fighting for it,the players hit the puck down on the other end and it is blocked by the goalie.
Each team rallies back and forth with the puck but neither of them are successful and they are blocked on both ends of the rink.
A small car is covered in a thick layer of snow.
A man appears with a sweeper.
He uses it to rake all the snow off the vehicle.
We see a man adjust the camera and shake his hair.
We see commentary on the screen.
The image is in color and the man blow drys his hair.
The man uses a brush and instructions appear.
We see more instructions on the screen.
Instruction tell views to mold hair.
More instructions appear on the screen.
The man adds pomades  to his hair.
The man brushes his hair with a brush.
We see the scene go dark and the writing appears on the screen.
Two tam tams are in a living room.
Then, A man comes and talks on front the tam tams.
After, the man plays the tam tam in a living room.
A person walks into the view of the camera where there is an orange toy laying on the floor.
The person begins to wipe their feet vigorously on the toy.
The person kicks the toy away as the they finish wiping their feet on the toy.
Three different women are shown in succession.
Each woman is seated, playing drums and cymbals.
They are  billed as the top three female drummers in the world as they play continuously.
Several clips are shown of many people standing on a surf board and pushing themselves along the water with a paddle.
The people continue to paddle around the water while many people are seen sitting.
A girl shows how to make lemonade.
She then rakes in the cash her parents helped her.
The sun rises over the hills.
A man in shorts walks around.
He grabs his board and places it into the water.
The man climbs the board and surfs.
A close up of a man is shown followed by him asking a woman a question on the beach.
He then is shown speaking to several different people holding a frisbee and playing a game.
Many women laugh with the men and the man gives several of them a kiss.
A man sits on front a bowl, then a woman shows cookie dough in bowls, then review a cookbook.
Then, the woman make dough balls and putsion a baking pan, also a teen makes dough balls and puts in baking pan.
After, the man put the cookies in the oven.
A man stands in front of a business logo and discusses.
A rider goes around a turn and plants his foot in the dirt to stabilize.
The rider accelerates out of a turn on his motorcycle.
The rider goes over a jump on his motorcycle.
A person is seen painting a wall while the camera captures him moving quickly and others walking in and out of frame.
The person continues painting along the wall with other people standing around and helping.
Two people are standing in a room.
They begin to play a game of wall ball.
They are swinging their rackets hitting the ball.
A man puts on a helmet with a camera mounted on it.
The man participates in a lacrosse match with the camera recording in first person perspective.
The man makes a successful shot on goal and high fives a teammate.
The two teams shake hands after the game.
The man walks towards a group of people dressed in black.
We see logs in a pile in the woods.
A man in a cowboy hat walks up and grabs an ax.
The man then goes around hitting the logs with the ax and splitting them in two hits.
The man drops the ax and turns off the camera.
A boy picks up a bowling ball and runs down the lane.
He dives into the pins at the end.
He runs back and falls onto the lane.
A painting is shown followed by several pictures of painting tools and supplies.
A person's hand then begins putting marks on the painting and dipping her brush continuously in the paint.
The camera pans down the finished picture and a text is shown across the screen.
The man in blue helmet is paddling through the water current.
Two rafts are stuck in running water.
The people are paddling through the water but they are stuck in one spot.
Two men walk to the barrel in a yard at a barbecue and the men both reach for the last beer in the barrel.
The men do rock paper scissors and the right man hits the left with a rock, takes the beer and walks off.
We see a beer poured in a glass.
We see the injured man with his hand up and a man walks past and gives him a high five.
A person is slicing a potato.
They stack up the potato slices and start chopping them into tiny pieces.
He sets the pieces on a plate sitting in a sink.
There is plates of food in the sink.
He empties the plates into a pot.
He stirs everything in the pot together.
He then takes a scoop of that and puts it on a plate with vegetables on it.
He tops it with garnishments.
An intro leads into a man in women sitting beside a pool and talking.
The people are then shown underwater wearing scuba gear and teaching one another hand signals while the man speaks to the camera above the surface.
A little girl is shown in several images receiving a haircut.
She is then shown in video form as her long hair is cut off in the style of a ponytail, meant to be donated to a group called Locks of Love.
The girl is shown in various photos, holding the hair she is going to donate.
A player's stats show on the screen.
Montages of several indoor soccer games show.
The stats of the player are shown again.
Two men, a woman, and a toddler are walking down the road but all of the adults have on Kangaroo shoes.
People continue to walk pass them and the two males begin jumping extremely high as the lady walks away with the child.
The four individuals then move in front of a building and start hoping around then eventually to a set of steps in what looks to be a court yard.
A close up of a sink is shown followed by a person rubbing it down with a rag from various angles.
The sink is shown again by itself followed by water dripping down.
A group of men in masks are gathered around targets.
They are holding paint guns as they run across the field.
They hide behind obstacles, shooting at each other.
An intro leads into several shots of people riding a skateboard around various areas and ending in a corn field.
They end up at a house and swim into the pool doing tricks on their boards underwater.
They are then seen riding down a road again in the end and one boarder scuffs dirt into the camera.
It's snowing outside of a home with a gray parked van and the man is holding tools, puts the camera down and then begins to clean the snow off of the van.
The man moves the camera and adjusts the position and then walks back to the van begins cleaning the snow off of the entire top of the van.
The man walks back to the camera and moves it once more so it can capture a different view and he continues to wipe the snow off of the side and top of the van.
The piece of the tool breaks off and the man grabs it and shows it to the camera and continues talking, goes off camera, and then shows the camera he has fixed the tool and then moves the camera again.
A woman shows up and she touches the van with her hands and starts to wipe off the snow with just her hands.
man is running in a race track and make a long jump while people in stands is watching him an clapping.
people on side of the racetrack is sitting on a side.
A man runs and jumps in various public locations with springs on his legs while spectators watch.
A cameraman films the man while lying on the ground.
The man with springs jumps over another man.
We see the title on a black background.
We see a knife and sharpener and a man holding them.
We see the man cut a tomato and paper.
The person uses a sharpens and then cuts the tomato, and paper easily.
Sharpen a different knife and cuts a tomato and shows us the sharpener.
We see the ending credits for the video.
A close up of skis are shown followed by a person pushing themselves along using sticks and skiing down the mountain.
The person continuously riding down on the mountain using the skis and zooming past people and stopping at the bottom.
A white intro screen appears with small circle pictures of a man at the upper left, a woman at the bottom right, and the words "HOOKED ON RUNNING Smart training for busy women" in the middle.
A woman wearing a hat, glasses and a long sleeved hot pink top is standing in front of a brick wall and talking.
The woman is now standing behind a table and is putting crumpled up papers into a running shoe and stuffing it as much as she can.
The woman then grabs a pink sole from the shoe and pours baking soda all over the top.
The woman then grabs a toothbrush and the show she just stuffed and motions scrubbing but doesn't really do it, then puts both the toothbrush and the shoe out of sight.
The woman grabs another pair of shoes, the right shoe is unlaced and the left shoe is laced and she's holding onto them then puts them down.
A woman stands behind a table with high heels on it.
She starts wiping off the shoe.
She uses a q-tip to clean the side of the shoe.
She sprays the shoe with Windex and wipes it off.
A man puts on paintball gear in a mirror grabs his gun and runs through the snow.
Men duck behind trees, plywood walls and  fences on a paintball field.
Men shoot back and forth at each other.
Men run and duck looking for a place to hide.
The men sit on either side of the wall looking for each other then stand up and face each other.
A man talks in front of a paintball park sign.
A man teaches the proper way to get a mouthpiece on a saxophone.
He then describes how to properly play the horn.
Ducks are swimming in the water.
People are moving dirt around in a park.
A woman in a black shirt and glasses talks to the camera.
People are raking the dirt around.
Different people are talking to the camera.
The people continue to landscape at the park.
A large green field is shown as two teams begin rushing towards a ball hitting it with a stick that has a net at the end of it.
As the game progresses,a player runs into two other people and flips over their shoulders ultimately getting injured.
He lays on the ground and several replays of the incident are shown.
Next,several still images of other teams walking and preparing to start are shown of them playing games in various locations.
This man is shown standing on the roof saying a few words.
Then he starts removing some parts of wood from the roof and he piles all of the tiles up.
Then he puts them where they should go to make a full part on the roof.
An athlete is seen walking into a circle and preparing himself to throw a shot put.
The man throws the object several times after spinning around and several people watching on the sidelines.
A man is working over the back of a trailer.
He is welding the metal between two pieces of wood.
Sparks fly as he works, crouching down on the sidewalk.
A woman is combing her hair while looking into the camera.
She then brushes her bangs straight.
She continues brushing with the comb and her hand.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera and leads into clips of her and another riding horses in a forest and beach.
The women then run the horses along the beach while the camera captures them from several angles.
A man is shown doing a jump in slow motion on a track several times back to back.
The camera shows several different angles of the athlete jumping in a line as well as into the pit on sand.
He performs several long jumps back to back and shows off his distance acquired.
A woman is standing on a field in a circle.
She spins while holding a disc.
she accidentally lets go, and the disc flies out behind her.
A man is parasailing on the ocean.
Other people also begin sailing in the water, some falling over.
A man and young child are seen pushing a lawn mower across the yard while the boy smiles to the camera.
The man and boy continue to push the lawn mower along the yard while stopping to look at the camera.
Two teams are shown on a field and the man is running playing lacrosse and runs directly into the other opponent.
Another play starts and this time another person is ran into except it is more fragrant and the person lays on the ground hurt for quite some time.
After consulting with the referee and seeking help,the male finally gets up and the rest of the game continues.
A woman is seen moving a hula hoop close up in front of the camera.
The girl then speaks to the camera and leads into her spinning a hula hoop around.
The woman continues speaking to the camera while spinning the hoop and demonstrating how to perform proper moves.
A man in gray shirt and cap is sitting next to a boat motor, while behind him is a woman riding a surfboard, and holding a harness attached to the boat.
As the woman moving the dolphins started to swim with her, the dolphins' fins are visible as they swim up and down.
The credits of the clip are shown.
Hair products and hair tools  are displayed.
The male stylist is does a client's hair with products, a clipper, and hair dryer.
The credits of the video are shown.
A woman places vegetable leaves in a bow.
The camera pans right to show a man standing beside the woman.
The man slices a cucumber on a plate.
An indoor BMX bike race happens.
After the start, everyone goes around the track as quick as possible.
A girl is seen laying on a table with a man piercing her belly button below her.
The girl screams in pain and the man finishes her piercing while she looks to the camera.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera with various ingredients laid out as well as her cleaning.
She lays out a newspaper and mixes various ingredients together into a spray bottle.
She puts on gloves and using the newspaper to wipe down a window after she has sprayed it.
She continues wiping down the window while speaking to the camera.
A group of young boys are inside a basketball court.
They play a game while the coach cheers them on and instructs them.
Some of the boys watch from the sidelines, waiting for their turn.
A person is filming a house and a dog walking into frame.
A small girl is washing the floor with a mop and talking to the camera man.
The camera man talks to the girl about cleaning and why she likes it.
The girl finishes washing the floor.
People are doing flips by running and jumping to the wall.
boys do back flips on a blue mat.
A kid jumps over several other kids laying on the mat.
Two guys body roll with each other on the mat.
A woman begins walking down a cobble stone sidewalk with brown boots and then she is seen twirling a hula hoop.
With the hula hoop,the girl begins flipping and dancing with it between her legs.
She progresses and adds another hula hip and both of them go on at the same time.
In her next setting,she has about five around her body and continues to dance.
She continues to do the same thing with different amounts and with other body parts as people come and take pictures of her displaying her talent.
Lastly, another small videos appears showing advertisements for the Jump Rope sisters youtube page.
A gymnast is seen raising his arm in the air and climbing on top a gymnastics beam.
He spins himself around performing various tricks on the beam and finishes by jumping down and smiling to the applauding audience.
A man sits down in a chair putting his sneakers on and points to a fox running in.
The fox stands by the man and jumps up and down on his lap while he continues to put his shoes on.
A man picks up an ax.
He swings it at a piece of wood on a stump.
He picks another one up and chops it.
A woman is sitting with a baby in her arms.
She takes licks of an ice cream cone, and the baby laughs hysterically each time.
She offers him bites, pulling the cone away and making him laugh.
A man is using a weed whacker to trim bushes.
He turns away from the bushes and cuts weeds on the ground.
A man is sitting with a surgical mask on.
He is cutting lemons up.
An image is shown of a man posing with trophies and flexing his biceps.
The images cut to videos, as he wins multiple arm wrestling matches and trophies.
In the final scenes, a vast audience talks as they watch him win yet again.
An ice rink is shown with a hockey game in progress with the first long shot goal is made followed by a replay.
A goal by the other team in red shows twice.
A heated battle of two teams ends with an orange team player scoring.
Two more teams make long scoring shots from left to right.
A white teams scores after a player falls on the ice rink.
Another few games and a second player falls before a goal.
A higher aerial view is seen of the last game to show.
A man enters a room and piles plaster onto a base.
The man adds swipes the plaster on the wall then gets more and adds it.
The man gets more plaster and swipes it on the wall.
The man then walks and turns off the camera.
An elderly man is standing in a small room and is plastering a ceiling where he starts in the middle of the room.
He then moves to the left and begins to plaster in the corner of the ceiling.
The man then stops plastering, and while still talking he faces towards the direction of the camera.
A man in a white asian inspired outfit stands outdoors, surrounded by trees, on the grass, and performs several slow martial arts and meditation moves.
The scene begins with a bare green patch of cut grass surrounded by tall trees and a building in the background beyond the foliage.
The man runs into the frame into the center of the grass, centers himself and does a leg lift followed by several slow hand movements up and down and around.
The man continues to perform slow martial arts moves using feet, hands, knees, and shoulders moving around the grass patch and sometime stomping his feet on the ground.
A couple of boys are riding skateboards.
They watch another couple of men playing basketball.
They argue, then the basketball players leave.
A man is standing outside by the sidewalk cutting down a set of hedges.
As he finishes the side,he moves to the front of the plant and continues cutting the plant down.
Once a small portion is shown,he looks at the plant and then cuts off the item in his hand.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera while standing in a shower and holding various objects.
The woman then rubs lotions all over her legs and begins shaving her legs and ending by speaking to the camera.
A group of people are shown at a festival serving food and interacting with their crowd.
The male continues,to play with the crowd and makes them work for their ice cream cone.
Finally,the video ends,the man smiles,and the credits begin to roll.
A few guys are sitting near a cliff.
A man is climbing a cliff with all limbs.
The man that is climbing falls and begins to laugh.
Two men are in a room with three walls and a set of glass doors behind them hitting a ball back and fourth against the wall with tennis rackets.
As they continue,one boy falls to the ground and they have to start over.
A man dances and pulls his pants, which are falling down, back up, as he sweeps a cafe floor.
A man, with his back to an elevated camera, begins to dance while sweeping a coffee shop floor.
The man begins to pulls his pants up as his blue underwear shows from the twisting of the dance, which has pulled down his pants.
The man then turns to face the camera and smiles while pulling his pants up.
woman is ni seashore wearing a big hat and smiling.
peolpe are scuba diving in the sea next to the pier with bags on their backs and showing the fishes and rocks on the floor.
A cheerleading team performs on a blue mat.
They dance and tumble during their routine.
woman is sitting in studio giving the news.
a person is in a yard sweeping dry leaves.
old woman is being interviewed and is talking to the camera in a living room.
a woman and a man are being interviewed and are talking to the camera while they are sweeping the leaves.
old woman is agani alking and back in studio talking to the camera.
Two girls are seen speaking to the camera while holding cups in their hands and laughing to one another.
The camera zooms in on the cups and the girl continue laughing while finally drinking from the cup.
They hold the liquid into their mouth and spit it out and laugh in the end.
A drummer is drumming, then the stick broke.
A boy in blue shirt hit the drum, but the big drum keeps moving, then it fell.
A boy with earphones is drumming and the stick got stuck in the instrument.
The band is playing, while the man is singing, the drummer fell off the his chair.
The marching band play their drums, then one of the drummers fell on the ground, a person came to help him.
A drummer on stage fell of the stage.
A girl in white top and blue jeans is brushing the fur of the horse on one side then she moved on the other side and then brushed his leg.
The lady picked up a black bottle and spray the body of the horse, then brushed off the dirt off the horse shoes then put polished on the horse's feet.
Pictures of a town covered n snow is shown.
A person is chipping the ice off of their car.
A blonde woman is speaking in a news room in front of a large screen.
Boats are seen pulling people on water skis.
A man is shown preparing and then skiing through the water.
A person picks up a cat off of a chair.
They lay the cat down on their lap.
They begin to clip the nails of the cat.
A person is sitting next to them on a laptop.
The person pets the belly of the cat.
They take the cat back and set it in a chair.
The woman is sitting by the fireplace holding a violin.
The woman placed the violin between her neck and shoulder and began strumming the violin with the stick.
The lady put the violin on her lap and talked.
Several shots are shown of the inside of a shop followed by a person unboxing a bike.
The man then brings out tools and tightens them along the bike and is shown peddling the bike with his hands and showing off the finished bike.
A woman is standing by a bathroom door talking.
The same woman is now seen on a stationary bicycle teaching a spin class.
Several other people in the class can be seen on stationary bicycles in the mirror behind the instructor.
The woman is then shown on the ground demonstrating an exercise.
The spin class is shown again still in progress.
The instructor then does floor exercises again with the class following along.
