He removes the tire from the bike.
He replaces the tube of the tire and fixes the bike.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while holding up a foam rubber mat.
The camera pans around more mats laying out while the man still speaks to the camera.
A black screen is shown with green words on it and then the screen moves to a white paper with black words.
After, a green Lacrosse team appears and they begin to compete.
Someone makes a goal and then the ball is placed back in the middle of the field.
When they are finished still images from the game are shown.
Finally,a black screen appears and the score is shown in blue and green writing.
A man bends at the knees in front of a barbell.
He lifts it slowly, bringing it to his chest.
He pauses, then lifts it over his head before dropping it back to the ground.
a lot of people are sitting on stands on a bullring.
bullfighters are holding red cloth nad running to a bull.
A lady that works at a casino shows you how to play black jack.
the lady deals out two card each 5 times and deals her self one card.
the lady then explains what you are allowed to do with the cards that you where dealt with,she also deals out two more cards one each deck.
finally she deals out two more cards to her self and shows the outcome from adding chips to the areas she dealt the card from the start.
the lady then scoops up all the cards on the table and the round is over.
A man and a child paint a fence with brushes.
A baby watches the man and the toddler painting.
A woman is seen sitting behind a poker table and dealer cards while others do the same in the back.
The woman continues dealing cards on the table while looking and smiling to the camera.
A cricket player hits a ball that is pitched.
A player makes a diving catch in the outfield.
The player smiles and is a good sport.
man are playing war of a tug in an open field in font of a lake.
men are standing in sidewalk watching the men playing and taking pictures.
men reunite and pose to a picture and a lot of camcorders are taking pictures.
Two people are seen doing a ballet dance on stage followed by a woman doing a dance while others watch on the side.
The woman continue spinning with the man walking in and out of frame and ends with her bowing to the audience.
A man is outside in the snow holding a rope that is attached to a snow mobile.
The snow mobile starts to move and the person begins snowboarding throughout the field.
They continue to move through the snow and the forest of trees into a parking lot by a cabin.
Three kids are making a sand castle on the beach.
A man is laying next to them on a towel.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera that leads into clips of people riding in kayaks and camels wandering around.
More clips are shown of people riding around the water in a kayak.
The person paddles themselves along the water with other people riding near him.
Two teams of boys are in a grass field playing a game.
They have little poles with nets that they use to catch the balls in and throw.
One of the boys from the red team throws the ball over to the other side.
Then one of the kids int he black uniform comes running back and throws the ball.
A robot is sitting behind a piano in a room.
Its hands are lighting up no the piano keys.
Skiers walk and stand on skis at the bottom of the hill at of a ski resort.
Kids ride on inflatable tubes down lanes on a ski slope.
Snowboarders and skiers ride down ski runs while other groups sit on the ski lift.
A group hangs onto a tow rope on inter tubes and throws snowballs.
People are driving a car with rafts on the back.
They get in the rafts and are rafting down a river.
They go to a hot dog stand and get food.
They continue rafting down the river.
A young child plays a bagpipe next to an adult bagpiper.
The young bagpiper marches in place while playing his bagpipe while onlookers watch from behind.
The adult bagpiper and the child stand next to each other while performing.
The child finishes playing and walks forward to the camera.
A cowboy is riding on a horse in a large arena and is swinging his rope.
The view changes to show a group of men with their horses and they're each holding onto their ropes and doing various things with them like tying and swinging them.
The focus switches to a man talking whose name is Trevor Brazile and it flashes from him talking and then to clips of him riding his horse in different arenas as he is also wrangling a small calf.
Another man by the name of Stran Smith is now talking and clips of him riding his horse in different arenas as he wrangles a calf also plays.
Clips of both of men talking and clips of them riding horses and wrangling calves play and rotate between the two of them.
The outro video begins and it shows a hanging banner at the arena that reads "CALGARY STAMPEDE", a woman riding a horse and holding a red flag that say's "1912-2012 Calgary Stampede",and a calf is running across a dirt field.
These girls are shown kneeling down on the floor and playing dress up One girl put's chap stick on her lips, cheeks, forehead, and under her eyes.
Then another one puts a little makeup on the top of her eyes.
We see a man with a croquet mallet talking.
The man lines up his shot of the red ball.
The man hits the red ball.
The man points at the blue ball the kneels in the grass.
A man stand on front a table full of objects while people listen to the man.
A woman exhibit granola bars and explains to people around the table.
Then, a person put wax on skis with an electric small machine in a room full of skis.
Two men stands on front a tall hedge holding trimmers.
The men cuts the top of the hedge.
Leaves falls from the top of the hedge.
A man and a woman are smiling in a picture.
Someone holds a razor over a sink.
A man with shaving cream on his beard starts shaving.
Words are written on the screen.
The man continues shaving his beard.
He wipes his face with a towel and smiles.
A man is shown on a stage, playing drums.
He beats the cymbals and drums very fast.
He continues, making faces as he goes.
A person is seen walking into frame in a dark room and walks down a long set of stairs.
A man is seen in the corner moving back and fourth on exercise equipment.
A woman then speaks to the man as he continues rowing and showing a close up of the machine.
A man is in the gym in tight he bends over picks up a weight over his head and drops it back down.
He walks back and loosens up before walking back up and doing it again adding more weight.
He does this multiple times adding more and more weight to the rack.
He finally lifts 374 pounds and calls it quits.
A man places shaving cream on his face.
A man spits some liquid out of his mouth.
A man sharpens his razor blade.
The man shaves his face with the razor.
The man puts more shaving cream on his face.
There are some men shaving with Gillette shaving gel.
There's a model whose face is completely lathered with shaving gel and he is using a blue razor to shave his face.
Another male model also has his entire face lathered with shaving gel.
He is also shaving his face with a blue razor.
He shaves his cheeks and mustache area.
He pumps out a small amount gel on his hands.
Then shows the difference between regular foam cream and gel shaving cream and continues having.
He then poses with a lady model who touches his face to feel his smooth skin.
The entire Gillette shaving set is shown.
Two girls are siting outside talking with there feet crossed.
One of the girls hands the other a container which she pulls a little paper out of that tells her what to do.
She reads it and then does what the paper says to do.
They take turns doing this, picking a note and then doing the task it says to do and they are having fun while doing so.
Two people are seen sitting at a table speaking with cups of coffees on the table in front of them.
The man is then seen sitting alone in various locations and then begins dancing on a wall.
He then is shown waking up in his bed assuming it was all a dream.
A person is holding onto a motorcycle wearing roller blades and being dug along a street.
A man is standing by a fountain of water.
People are doing roller skating tricks.
A news woman is speaking from a news room.
Then we see breaking news videos on the screen.
A woman is shown drinking some kind of fluid on a dare, and the women take turns drinking the liquid.
A man and a woman stand outside while he sprays her with sunblock.
They are both laughing and having a good time.
She turns around so he can get her back thoroughly as they both playfully flirt with each other.
He starts to spray her and she gives him directions as to where he missed applying it.
She then turns around for him to get her arms, face and any of the other areas that he missed.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while holding a knife in his hands and begins sharpening the knife along a board.
The man continues sharpening the blade and then uses other boards to sharpen the knife.
There some geese flying in the sky above a park.
A man is talking in his microphone as some men are playing cricket behind him in the park.
It is a sunny day with geese walking around the park and people enjoying a casual game of cricket.
There's a man hitting the ball with his cricket bat and another person trying to catch his ball.
A squirrel is sitting on the park bench and enjoying the sunshine as well.
A woman washes clothes in a bucket with soap.
The woman wrings out a towel.
Someone is folding in the background while the woman continues washing the clothes.
A large cliff is seen near the ocean.
Several boats are nearby, and people are kayaking through the area.
A man is rappeling up the side of the cliff.
He stands triumphantly on the back of a small boat.
A person is seen sitting in a kayak and moving himself down a rough river.
The person continues riding down the river while another people watches on the side.
A woman is seen curling her hair while speaking to the camera and leads into her speaking in front of judges.
The judges critique her and she runs away happy and skipping out of the building.
Two people are seen hosting a news segment that leads into clips of people scraping off their cars.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera while scraping off her car and holding up products to help.
More people are seen speaking to the camera and showing off their methods of melting ice and leading back to the two reporters.
A moving cloudy sky with lightning appears before we see white text.
Several people are shown close up, smoking cigarettes.
Some talk to the camera.
The video ends with the words South Beach Smoke.
little kid is playing saxophone in front of a wall.
people are passing in front of the kid.
old man kneels and put some coins in he hat of the kid.
People are playing a game of volleyball in the sand on the beach.
People are playing drums on the beach.
A woman in a yellow outfit is dancing.
The team poses for a picture behind a banner.
A man is in front of a cutting board covered in potatoes.
He uses a peeler to peel the skin from a potato.
He moves quickly, peeling until all the potatoes are bare.
We see a shot of a track and field arena.
A lady in a blue shirt from Uzbekistan runs and performs a high jump and we see her score.
We see a lady from china run and perform a high jump and see her score and we see her manager and a slow motion.
An different lady from Uzbekistan performs a high jump and we see her score.
The first lady performs again and knocks the bar over and looks disappointed.
The lady from China has  a second turn and also knocks over the bar and looks mad.
The second lady from Uzbekistan performs and clears the bar and almost cries.
We see the arena and scoreboard on the screen.
A person is seen moving down a set of stairs and holding out various measuring items.
The man kneels down and begins putting carpeting down on the floor as well as on the stairs.
The man finishes putting the carpet down and the camera zooming in on his work.
A runner is running on a track in front of a crowd of people.
A man is shown talking to the camera.
Runners are running down a track with crowds on both sides and one of the runners stumbles.
Another runner is shown and a man is shown talking to the camera.
A runner is crawling across a finish line while other runners are running through the finish line.
The distressed runner is carried away.
Runners in distress are shown.
A man is talking to the camera.
Various runners are shown in distress and talking to the camera.
More distressed runners are shown.
A guy is standing on a beach flying a kite.
The guy continuously looks away from the kite's position.
A man approaches the guy.
Some texts pops up on the screen.
A video of bulls being hurt by people starts playing.
Text pops up on the screen again.
Images of people stabbed with arrows and full of blood are shown.
More text with an anti bullfighting messages appear.
Images of hurts bulls are shown.
Anti animal cruelty text appears.
A bull fighter is shown fighting a bull.
A video is played of bullfighters getting gored.
A new video showing dead animals plays.
Condescending text appears in the video that chastises people for eating meat ane being cruel to animals.
A man walks into a room and puts his hand on a ladder while talking.
We see a man putting orange tiles on a floor.
We see  aa man tiling a shower.
We see the man putting the tiles on a floor again.
We return to the man talking near the ladder and a website appears on the screen.
"EPBF Millennium Series" appears on screen.
Opened end of vehicle appears with "www paint-supply net" printed on bumper while tools are placed inside.
The car drives down a dark black road with photoshopped objects popping up on either side.
The end of the road appears with the word "Paintball FAILs" above it and pictures of paintball below it.
The words "Friendly Fire" appear.
A group of people play paintball on a grassy field with inflatable obstacles.
The words "Stupid Hopper" appear.
People once again play paintball on the field.
The words "1/3 Lauf" appear.
People again play paintball on the field.
The word "Fehlstart" appears on screen.
People play paintball on the field.
Contact information for Paint Supply GmbH appears.
A person holding a moose moves the puppet and leads into someone opening a box.
The person pulls pumpkins out of the box and cuts a circle around the top.
He scoops the seeds out of the pumpkin while using the moose and uses a marker to draw on its side.
He cuts around the marker lines and puts a candle inside to make a jack o lantern.
A bunch of people are playing beer pong in different outfits.
Then people bong a beer.
A lot of dancing happens at the end.
A small group of people are seen sitting on horses and leads into them riding down along a dirt path.
The camera follows the people riding along on the horses and leads to them back at the stables.
The video shows a person's hand holding up an acoustic guitar.
The Yamaha case of the guitar is also shown.
A young man is seen playing his acoustic guitar.
He is strumming his guitar to a tune.
A man driving a moving tractor steps around and looks towards the front.
He begins moving again on the machine cutting the grass and steering the instrument.
A man on a bike looks onward and laughs and the man eventually steps off.
A woman is in a living room in front of a fire.
She cuts wrapping paper in strips, then wraps it neatly around a box.
She tapes the box, then lays it down gently on the table.
An girl is seen sitting at a table holding various objects in her hands and pushing them all together.
She then rubs a needle on a cotton ball then pushing it onto a pencil and wrapping thread around it.
She then holds up a box of a product and then pouring several liquids into a bowl.
She then dips the needle in ink and using the pencil to draw a design on her leg, rubbing it off with a rag in the end.
A boy welds on a piece of metal making sparkles.
Then, the boy raise his helmet and talks.
We see men on a lacrosse field playing a game.
A man hits the ball and the men run on the field.
We see a man in red run on the screen and walk back.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while sitting in a kayak and holding a toy person on a kayak around in his lap.
The man continues to speak to the camera while holding the object and leads into him riding around in the kayak.
A large group of people are seen sitting around an outdoor field.
A dog is seen running up and down the field in the middle of the audience.
The dog keeps running back and fourth while the camera watches from the side.
A group of people are in the backyard of a house, playing croquette.
A woman uses the mallet to hit the ball, then others join in.
A man holding a mallet and ball talks about the process of how to play the game, playing and hitting the ball and he explains it.
He then puts his arms out at his sides.
A bottle of deep cleansing gel is shown.
A woman holds up the bottle, Then is shown using several different solutions that she lines up together on the counter.
She uses each on her face, then rinses them off.
A person's eye is seen close up the camera holing a contact lens in their hands and holding their eye open.
The person then puts the contact lens in their eye and rubs their eye while blinking multiple times.
A woman climbs into the back of a van with other people.
Several men are standing together in a line before we see a person in a gorilla suit.
Many people are dancing, falling off skateboards, and performing various tricks like tightrope walking and flips.
The group walks out of the building together, making signs and faces at the camera.
A slightly rotund man is shown standing in a kitchen while holding a can of drink.
The man is laughing and speaking to the camera about the can in his hand.
He pours the drink into a glass, and proceeds to drink it alongside a male friend.
The two men drink the contents of their glasses while they talk.
An older man is seen speaking to the camera while holding a tennis ball and racket in his hand.
He moves the racket and ball up to demonstrate how to properly serve the ball, followed by him actually serving the ball in slow motion.
The same shot is shown several more times to demonstrate how to properly perform this serve.
A young lady wearing a colorful swimsuit is underwater swimming in a pool.
A screen flashes and shows step two as the girl demonstrates swimming with your feet close together.
Next,a warning screen appears saying not to swim without goggles as the girl does the exact opposite.
After,the girl is shown with an orange mermaid tail on swimming under water as she joins another "mermaid".
Various people are seen from a bird's eye view working in rough conditions out in the open.
They are scrubbing clothes and hanging them up while the camera pans around and watches.
A flat screen television is sitting on a stand showing the television show RAW.
On the show,two men are wrestling each over moving on the ground.
The fat man then picks up the skinny guy,drops him,and stands over him.
We see a raft full of people in a rough river and see lots of stills.
We see the people in shots.
We see the title screen.
We see a helicopter over a river.
The raft turns over and a lady laughs.
We see a bus driving on the street.
We see the canyon from afar.
We see a tunnel and a speedboat.
We see still shots of the rafters.
We see the ending title screen.
A man is seen standing on a court holding down a tennis racket.
The man then bounces the racket down and hits the tennis ball balancing on top.
His hit is shown again in slow motion.
A group of people are on a field.
They attach a camera to one of the player's heads.
They lift each other over their heads in cheerleading stunts that can be seen from the camera's view.
They smile and laugh as they continue to perform stunts.
A person rolls over in bed and looks at their phone.
They sit up on their bed and rub their face.
They wash their hands and face.
They start rollerblading and doing tricks.
A man wearing glasses is talking in a parking lot.
He walks into a car wash, where a green substance is being sprayed on the cars.
The soap is then rinsed away with hoses.
A woman talks, facing the camera while holding two dumbbells and then demonstrates a spin cycle exercise in front of a class in a gym.
A woman stands and talks while facing the the camera, in a gym, with a wall of mirrors to her side and several people behind her standing near various pieces of gym equipment.
The woman, now wearing a headset with a mic attached to the mouthpiece,  starts cycling very fast on a spin cycle machine in front of a mirror with a class of people behind her who are also on spin cycle machines.
The woman then lifts dumbbells with her arms while standing, lifts dumbbells while sitting on the floor and then returns to the spin cycle machine before the scene fades to black.
A man in a hat is standing outside talking.
People are practicing pole vaulting on a blue mat.
A person is jumping over hurdles on a track.
People are laying on a blue mat stretching.
A baby is riding a swing in the playground.
A hand pushs her while she enjoys the ride.
The man starts to play with her.
The video leads into several clips of a hockey player moving around the ice and players speaking to the camera.
The people continuing skating on the ice while practicing as players intervene to speak to the camera.
A man in a white shirt bends over and picks up a large weight.
He lifts the weight up to his shoulders.
He bends down and lifts the weight over his head.
A blindfolded young woman swings a stick around wildly as a man holds a pi単ata high above her head on a string at a birthday party.
Then woman swings a few more times as the man brings the pi単ata up and down with the attached string and as she does this knocks a piece of the pi単ata off and a few kids gather round her to see if any candy fell out.
The woman feels for the pi単ata a few times with the stick, but does not swing as kids continue to look up in amazement.
A woman with long hair is seen speaking to the camera while moving her arms around and smiling while she speaks.
She then begins brushing her long hair out and smiling back at the camera and waving.
Several clips are shown of various girls performing gymnastics tricks on a large mat.
The girls continue jumping and flipping around the area while the camera continues to capture their movements.
A person is seen riding a board along the water with a kite on top.
More clips are shown of the person riding back and fourth on the board.
The person continues to ride the board along the water.
A person is seen holding a wrapped gift and begins wrapping paper around a box.
The girl pushes it down on the sides and begins tapping the box.
She finishes tapping all around the box and ends by presenting it to the camera.
A man is sitting in a chair.
He is getting a tattoo on his arm.
A man watches him get the tattoo.
He gets his tattoo wraps with saran wrap.
A young man puts in a pan oil, onions, tomatoes, green leaves and salt, then mix to cook the vegetables.
After, the man puts aside the vegetables, and cooks an omelette in the pan.
After, the man puts the vegetables over the omelette and folds it, then he serves the omelette.
An athlete sets up her stance in order to throw a disc during a track and field event.
The woman throws the disc far across the field.
The athlete celebrates the throw and the crowd cheers.
A replay is seen of the woman's throw.
A man serves a ball in a beach volleyball game, then he run on front the net to receive the ball while people watch the game in a beach.
A serves a ball and plays while people watch the game in a beach.
A guy is diving off a diving board doing flips in the air and lands in a pool of water,the guy dives and do different flips many different times.
the man seems to be practicing his dives and flips of the diving board.
the guy is trying to jump his highest to get a better diving flip.
Two groups of boys compete tug of war rope, while a man supervise the game and other people watch.
A person takes a picture.
The team on the left wins the competition.
A lady chef wearing a stripe blouse talks in a kitchen.
The lady chef describes the ingredients needed and the preparation for the creamy seafood pasta.
The lady chef shows a step by step process for preparing the creamy seafood pasta dish and shows the final product.
A small child is seen climbing on a camel as well as a woman in front of him.
A man stands the camel up on it's legs and walks around the area.
The man continues to walk around with the camels while the camera pans to their movements.
A group of people is playing dodge ball in a court.
People joke to the camera.
A man is standing in a field holding an ax.
The man lifts the ax above his head.
The man splits a log of wood on a stump.
the man then stands upright.
A dancer's feet are shown in a classroom as well as a ballet class occurring in the background.
The teacher instructs the girls how to perform proper ballet moves, as the students follow.
The girls move their arms in the correct position and eventually turn to one side.
Finally the instructor teaches the girls to extend their legs and perform a proper move.
A series of athletes are shown participating in a discus throw competition before a crowd.
The crowd applauds the athletes as a man hands out prizes to the athletes.
Journalists surround the athletes with cameras.
More discus throw performances are shown.
A camera crew focuses on a sweaty seated athlete.
Yet another performance of discus throw is shown.
Three people sit talking in front of an audience.
A close up of a fishing hole is shown with a person using objects to fish and another stands off in the distance.
The man uses the objects to capture a fish and zooms in on a hole.
They finally pack up a tent and carry it with them as they drive along.
A woman is on stage speaking to a little girl while holding a microphone.
The girl speaks into the microphone, then performs a ballet piece.
She dances around the stage for the audience.
She falls onto one knee as she completes her performance.
A close up of hands is shown followed by a girl brushing her hair and smiling to the camera.
The girl continues brushing her hair and looking off into the distance.
A few children are dressed up to go out on dirtbikes.
The children do jumps and make fast turns.
An onboard camera captures all of the fun.
A person is seen unscrewing a bottle of mouth wash and pouring it into a cup.
The girl then drinks from it and swishes it around her mouth.
She spits out the mixture and shows off pictures in the end.
man is playing piano with a lot of people gathered around him.
man is holding a cellphone and is recording the man in the piano.
A boy walk in the room from the left doorway holding a red stuffed animal sits down at the table then put animal away.
A girl walk in the room front the right doorway and sits down at the table.
They begin arm wrestling and the girl wins.
the girl smiles at the camera sighting her victory then they both get up to exit room from the same sides they entered in from.
A woman is adjusting her exercise machine.
She adjusts the knobs and pushes the seat up.
She then sits down on the seat and places her feet in the pedals.
She begins to pedal slow then fast.
A group of people are running down a road with various people cheering and clapping on the sides.
A woman is high fiving the people as well other runners.
More shots of people on the sides are shown while the runners continue running.
A field is shown with about ten men standing in the middle and a man takes off running and throws a ball at a man holding a paddle.
More games are shown and the same exact actions are repeated throughout various teams.
A man with short black hair is then shown and his teammates begin congratulating him and more teams are shown playing the game.
A young boy is seated in front of a drum set.
He is rapidly playing the drums in front of him.
He also hits the cymbals several times.
Text is shown from the centers for disease control regarding proper handwashing.
A woman is shown soaping her hands while water is running in a sink.
She reaches for a towel and then turns the faucet one with one hand.
She soaps her hands, then rinses with the water before grabbing another towel to turn off the faucet, and discarding the towel.
People are paddling canoes in an indoor pool.
A boy paddles a canoe.
The boy leans to the side, and the canoe flips over.
The boy swims to the surface of the water.
We see a lady in a pink shirt talking to the camera.
We see the lady pick up a basket of laundry and put it down.
the lady shakes out a dress and puts it on an ironing board.
The lady rubs the dress and straitens it out.
The lady puts a shirt on the board then puts it back in the basket.
The lady folds the dress, smiles and the scene ends.
A small group of women are seen standing around a kitchen with one stirring ingredients into a large pot.
Another woman walks into frame when one woman pours more into the bowl and mixing it around.
She hands a spoonful for a girl to try and another takes the bowl away from the table.
This girl is doing a video of how to make your white shoes become sparkly clean.
You will need a toothbrush, baby powder, a glass cup or bowl, bleach, and q-tips, blowdryer, and water.
First she adds water  pours a little bit of baby powder into the small bowl and she mixes it up using the toothbrush.
She puts the baby powder soaked toothbrush onto the shoe and starts to rub it there.
Then she grabs the blowdryer and blowdrys the shoe and scrubs them again.
Then she pours bleach into the small bowl that has baby powder in it and she puts the toothbrush in the bowl and rubs it on the shoe again.
Finally she wets a cloth with water and wipes the shoe off.
A girl is standing in the back of a room that has paper air ballon, and she begins to dance moving her legs back and forth and slightly moving her arms.
The girl then picks it up and begins to move more of her arms along with her legs and dances in a small area in the room while facing the camera.
The girl then turns to her side and we see her dancing from the side, she turns to face the back and dances a bit that way, then turns again and again until we've seen her dance in all different directions.
A close up is seen of a metal double sink.
Then we see two bowls with powder and a cut lime.
A woman uses the lime dipped in powder to scrub and then rinse the sink before drying it off, showing off a perfecting clean sink.
A woman is seen performing a belly dancing routine on a stage with flowers hanging in the background.
She continues performing her routine and ends by spinning around and posing.
A large christmas is shown is shown followed by a woman standing beside it.
The girl begins decorating the tree while jumping up and down in place.
She continues bouncing around while decorating the tree and looking off into the distance.
a group of models are gathered at a car wash.
Cars pull in, and the woman are using soap to soap down the cars.
They then rinse and wipe the cars clean.
A platter with lemonade drinks sits on a counter top.
A woman squeezes a lemon.
She adds sugar to a large pitcher.
She stirs the sugar with a large wooden spoon.
She proceeds to add water to the pitcher in order to dilute.
Afterwards, she adds more sugar to the pitcher.
She pours the finished lemonade into a cup.
The steps of making lemonade are presented once more.
A man is standing in a room melting down an object with a utensil that is creating several sparks.
Another male then walks behind the person and puts on a helmet for protection as he watches the man in front of him.
A group of friends play shuffle board on an indoor court.
The group takes turns shooting pucks onto the shuffleboard court.
A woman with long hair speaks to the camera.
She holds up a long brush.
She demonstrates how to use the brush to scrape snow off a car.
When she is done, she continues talking about the brush.
Two dogs are walking on the sidewalk attached by a rope.
Two people are walking on the sidewalk next to them.
One of the people is carrying a water bottle.
Five boys are shown walking in a playground.
The boys get onto the swings and begin to show how to do tricks.
For the finale, all five guys get onto the swings and perform a back flip.
Women from different nationalities competes long jumps is a stadium.
Women continue competing long jump.
An athlete runs, then skip and jumps forward to perform long jump while judges holds sticks to measure.
A gymnastic teams practices routines that involve jumping and flipping.
They then switch to cheerleading outside.
A man plays the harmonica on front a microphone, then he ends and say goodbye.
Then, a girl steps on the stage and speaks with the microphone.
Two men are putting suntan lotion on each other at the beach.
They rub it on each other's backs before turning around.
A man makes repairs to a bicycle on the hardwood floors of a bedroom while two cats look on.
A man enters a bedroom and takes a part a bicycle on his bedroom floor.
The man then makes repairs using tools while two cats walk around the periphery watching and moving around.
The man produces a lot of black dust while making the repairs to the bicycle, and he eventually leaves the room, comes back and then leaves again as one cat approaches the area the man was working from.
a woman is standing inside a dark kitchen, talking.
She shows a cake cooling on a metal rack.
She demonstrates how to mix the ingredients in a mixer, then bake the cake.
When it is done, she turns it onto the rack to cool.
A man cuts the center of a log with an ax while standing on the log.
The man stands on the log holding the ax with the right hand.
Then, the man continues cutting the log.
After, two people walk on front the man, and one takes loosed wood from the log.
A man talks inside a car dealer.
After, a car exits a car wash.
A crew of people clean a car by hand.
Two men are seen standing in an enclosed room holding tennis rackets and begin hitting the ball off the wall to one another.
The men continue walking back and fourth with the ball and hitting it off the wall as well as bumping into the wall.
Two children in pajamas hang Christmas ornaments  from a tree.
A fake bat bursts out of the Christmas tree and scares the children.
A lady standing beside the slide is holding a little child on top of the slide.
She looked inside the tunnel and moved the little kid to show him and wave at the person.
The lady hold the child while she push him down the slide.
The lady slide the kid up back to the top.
The lady hold the child and pushed him down the slide.
The child sat on the bottom of the slide while looking away.
The credits of the clip are shown.
A coach instructs players in a basketball court.
The credits of the video are shown.
A man and a woman are seen dancing around a living room performing a tango routine.
They spin each other round and round and ends with credits rolling.
A clear bottle of detergent is shown and a person begins cleaning a mug with a cloth.
The person shows herself putting on the glove and goes back to washing the mug before finally showing her book on the product.
A man is holding an ax in the forest.
He is talking and adjusting a large stump.
He uses the ax to split the wood.
The back of a speed boat is shown followed by feet jumping into water and looking around underwater.
A person holds a stick out and grabs a fish and pokes at sharks.
A person putting weights on is shown followed by a woman lifting weights on her back.
She puts the weights down and another woman is shown lifting a heavy set of weights.
Several more people are shown performing their lifting talents and ends with a logo of the gym shown.
The credits of clip are shown.
Limes are cut into pieces on a white cutting board.
The cut limes are placed in a blender with a liquid and blended.
The liquid is added to a pitcher with a strainer.
The credits of video are shown.
A man and woman walk out onto the pier of a boat.
They are playing a sweeping game.
The woman pushes the puck, which slides into the camera.
The scene is repeated in slow motion.
A teen explains how to flip and turn a surfboard with the feet.
Then, the teen shows how to rise the tips of the surfboard.
Then, the teen stands on the surfboard and demonstrates how to turn it to the side.
After, the teen puts his hand in shoes on the surfboard and demonstrates a turn.
Next, the teen make the turn with his feet.
Women in leotards dance together in a line.
Women jump into the pool.
Women synchronize dance in the pool.
Announcers talk to the camera.
Men in the side of pool talk.
Man in yellow talks to the camera.
Man in pink leotard jumps out of the pool.
There are two little girls standing in an indoor court learning to play squash.
They are standing with their racquets and trying to hit the ball against the wall.
They attempt to hit the ball but end up brushing it on the floor.
They run around the court trying to catch the ball with their racquets.
they run around smiling with their oversized racquets and run to follow the ball around the court.
A camera ia seen showing the outside of a home followed by a girl sitting in a tub.
She looks to the mirror and has a friend hand her a solo cup.
She runs throughout the house outside and shows a close up of mouth wash.
A camera pans all around a lake showing the trees and mountains as well as the canoe sitting in front of him.
Another boy is seen riding along the water in a canoe as well as several others paddling by.
More shots are shown of people riding in their canoes and capturing the scenery around them.
A doctor went inside the room, then she wash her hands, wipe her hands with paper towel.
A medical practitioner is washing her hand with soap and water, while the other medical practitioner in white coat is on her phone.
A man in yellow coat is washing his hands, then the man in blue shirt is giving interview.
A large group of people are seen swimming around a pool with a man talking on the side.
The group begin throwing the ball around while swimming around each other.
The group continues swimming and playing ball with each other.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera while people use exercise equipment around her.
More shots are shown of people using the machine as well as people speaking to the camera and close ups of the machine.
A man is in a snowy parking lot.
He is using a brush to wipe snow off the back windshielf of his car.
He glances at the camera, then keeps wiping.
Two people are seen performing various martial arts with one another while a large group of people watch on the sides.
More people stand in the middle and perform with one another and ends with people moving around and grabbing one another.
People are sitting in kayaks on a river.
They are rowing their oars.
People are standing on the beach with medals around their necks.
An employee of the beach patrol is talking about how to have a safe day at the beach.
Sunscreen is addressed and he overviews how and why to apply sunscreen properly.
Sunscreen SPF value is addressed with a slide on how to pay attention to the proper SPF.
He addresses the negative impacts of sunburns, especially with children.
He then talks about different types of specialty sunscreen to ensure you are safely covered.
Children sunscreen safety is then talked about and how to properly protect your kids.
He then discusses what to do when a sunburn does occur, how to handle it to take care of your skin.
A slide is shown to make us aware of when a sunburn is bad and needs medical attention.
He then takes another overview of how to use sunscreen to make your day enjoyable.
A girl is giving a small dog a bath.
She has an orange bottle in her hand.
We see a person in hockey gear skate onto the ice.
Another person enters and we watch two people play hockey.
We see the puck drop in front of the camera.
The person knocks the goalie to the ground.
The goalie skates up to the camera.
Two people are sword fighting on a stage for an audience.
A guy gestures the the result of each match.
The audience members look on.
Three people are jumping rope and doing tricks.
Other people sit and stand at tables in the background and watch or film the jump ropers.
Four different people are now jumping rope and doing tricks.
Another group of three people shows off their jump rope skills.
Another group of three in red shorts jumps rope.
People in the background walk around.
A group of four girls jump rope.
The first group of people jumps rope with a fourth person.
A different group of four in red and black jump rope.
A different team of jump ropers watches in the background.
A team of four in black and yellow jump rope.
A man with a pony tail is seen walking along a rope with another man watching him and smiling in the background.
The man turns around, loses his balance, and falls off the rope.
The man watches attempts to walk and falls off as well in the end.
Several young kids are in a gym playing dodge wall with medium sized red balls.
As they throw the balls,a little girl tries to join in on the action and begins following them and running from one side of the court to the other to chase the balls.
There's a man skiing down a very steep mountain slope.
The man is going down very fast and steadily while fully dressed in ski gear and goggles.
He then falls down to the ground as he reaches the bottom of the slope.
He gets right back up and dusts off the snow from his clothes.
He talks to another person through a hands free device attached on his coat to let him know he's okay.
The little girl slide down the yellow slide and fell on the  pool of balls.
The girl reach out the a hand as she climbs on the top of the slide.
The girl slide down again and fell on the pool of ball but on her stomach.
A man is seen walking down a field followed by several people running back and fourth.
The men throw the ball around the yard and continue to run up and down on the grass.
A dog is seen running around a man in the middle of an open field.
The man performs tricks with the dog while the dog jumps on his back.
He continues to roam around with the dog performing tricks with the dog and frisbee.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera and pouring out liquids into a case.
She then pulls contacts into the case and then places one in each eye.
She holds up the case in the end followed by her putting the contacts back into the case.
An introduction comes onto the screen about a video showing how to triple jump.
A guy is shown running down a track making a jump.
The jump is shown again in slow motion for better understanding.
The guy is then shown exiting the track.
A small group of people are seen swimming around a pool throwing a ball around while several people watch on the sides.
The people continue throwing the ball around to one another while the camera captures the game going on.
An intro is shown for a cricket game.
Several players begin to play a cricket game on a field.
A man stumbles over one of the cricket posts.
The players shake hands as the game ends.
The results of the game a then shown on the screen.
A man prepares himself to throw a discus.
Multiple people walk around and talk in the background.
The man spins and throws the discus.
A painter applies plaster to a wall using a wide flat edge tool.
The man moves electrical wire handing on the while to plaster around it.
Other rooms of the house are seen in different stages of completeness.
Several shots of plates are shown with food leading into a man preparing food.
The man then puts more food into a plate and spinning around ingredients.
He continues to put food onto a plate and ends by presenting it to the camera.
Two reporters report on a story about drinking too much coffee on a live news telecast.
A dark haired woman reporter talks on camera before the camera cuts to a blonde haired reporter also talking on camera.
The camera cuts to video of a coffee cup being filled with coffee while a written template explaining what the story is about appears beneath the cup.
The camera then cuts to a four person news panel of people talking on camera.
A large marching band is seen standing together in front of a large building with others standing around.
More shots are shown of the group standing around one another while the camera pans around.
This man is wearing a red tank top, black shorts, and shoes.
He runs on the race track and the he does the triple jump in which he almost makes it to the end.
A person is seen riding around on a dirt bike that leads into him speaking to the camera.
He shows off his bike as well as camera and leads into several clips of him riding around.
He continues to ride around on the track while also showing close ups of himself as well as the camera.
Someone is shown driving down a snowy street in the Ukraine.
Several skiers are skiing down the slopes on the side of a mountain.
A close up is seen of some of the skiers as they go.
Two men are seen holding each other's hands and moving one to the other side arm wrestling.
The men struggle a bit and ends with one slamming the other's down.
A young man puts cement to the ceiling and even with a flat tool.
the man wears stilts on his feet.
The man puts cement on the empty spaces and strokes with the tool to even the ceiling.
A woman is walking along a track.
She takes off at a fast run.
She jumps over a bar and onto a mat.
two men are standing in a court room playing squash.
man is wearing white shirt standing in a court room.
men are standing in a court room behind transparent doors.
Young children are seen jumping on a mat back and fourth while two older women watch them on the side.
The boy then takes a big leap and the girl stands in front of him.
A girl jumps onto a balance beam.
She does a gymnastic routine on the balance beam.
She jumps off the beam and lands on the mat with her hands up.
A woman in a blue shirt comes over and hugs her.
A shiny mopped floor is shown.
A janitor is shown rolling rugs, scraping gum, putting out signs, and mopping floors.
He goes into a closet and picks out the cleaner he uses while he talks about it.
He sprays water and the cleaning solution into his mop cart.
He is then shown mopping the floor with the solution.
He takes everything apart and puts it away before washing his hands for the day.
We see water on an opening screen.
A man is measuring and cutting carpet while kneeling.
The man adds a strip and puts a tool in the seam.
The man runs a black item over the seam repeatedly then stands.
We see the closing title screen.
We see a young girl light a cigarette.
She then takes the cigarette out of her mouth and talks.
She hands the lighter to another person and puts her hand on her hip.
A woman is riding a bike down the street, then others are shown as well.
The people speak to the camera in between takes of riding their bikes on city roads.
The bike is called an elliptico, enabling them to stand and pedal as they ride.
A girl in an orange shirt takes a drink of mouth wash.
She swishes it around in her mouth and spits it out into a sink.
A man is sitting inside a room.
He is talking to the camera animatedly.
He is talking about and demonstrating how to play a harmonica.
A group of people are seen standing on a field when a man runs towards a woman with a soccer ball.
one girls swing another around while a man grabs a ball and throws it to another.
We see an opening title screen.
Tools sit on a table and we see a person unpack a bike and assemble it.
We see the man put a tire on the bike.
A person tightens the holds on the handlebars.
The man puts grease on the paddles and installs them before airing the tires.
We then see the finished bike.
The ending title screen is shown.
two men are standing in a sailing boat in sea.
man is standing in a dock wearing a red bull shirt and then is in the saillboat.
dolphins are swimming next to the boat.
people are  standing on a sunny day in a dock.
A person is seen riding along the water in a kayak.
The person uses a paddle to push themselves around the water while looking off into the distance.
The person continues riding around flipping in the water and moving away from the camera.
Various shots of trophies are shown with girls interviewing the camera as well as performing gymnastics moves.
An instructor then shows the girls how to perform a stunt properly and has another girl climb on top of their hands.
The girl continuously perform stunts with the instructors help and another girl is shown speaking to the camera.
water polo team is standing by the pool talking to the camera.
man jumps in the water and is holding a ball and sart playing in the pool.
A green boat with black and white accents on it is gliding on the water.
A pair of blue and black shoes are on a deck while a foot is being placed the right side.
A man is now standing on a waterboard that the blue shoes are attached to and he's holding a blue rope attached to a triangular handle.
White words on a black screen show up and read Zucky Wakeboarding 2015 summer and then fades away.
The man is shown again and now he's in motion wake boarding as he holds onto the handle connected to the rope and he is doing various tricks going from side to side, occasionally jumping, spinning and sometimes doing all at once.
The video ends with white words and numbers on a black screen that read -END- editor: 05.
People raft down a rocky river.
Suddenly, the boat turn over and all men fall in the water.
Then, people  reach the shore, while a man climbs a rock.
After, persons in a boat rescue a man in the water and recover the boat.
two men stand in the shore next to a ladder.
Rafters are still in the water waiting.
A person is seen standing on a tennis court bouncing a ball.
Another man is seen standing ready on the other side in front of a large audience.
The man then hits the ball over the net and bounces back on the other side.
Two men are doing Capoeira surrounded by a circle of people.
The men take a break and being to perform for the people again.
They shake hands and leave the circle allowing two other men to enter the circle.
A man in blue and a man in grey greet each other in the middle of the circle.
The other two men begin to perform Capoeira for the crowd.
We see a person kitesufing in the sea.
The person passes us and turns around.
The person stops before taking off again.
Two men quickly dismantle a red chimney.
One man puts wood over the gaping hole.
The man then covers the wood with shingles.
A man is sitting along side a road polishing a shoe.
Some other people are seated nearby, and many individuals walk past him.
A motorcycle drives by on the road.
The man puts the shoe down and picks up another one to polish.
A camera pans around person's faces on a snowy hill as well as them riding down a mountain.
The people continue skiing down the snowy path moving back and fourth and ending by stopping at the bottom.
A man is at a bowling alley dressed in bowling clothes, shoes and wearing gloves as he takes turns rolling the ball down the lane and hitting pins.
The man grabs the ball from the return and holds the ball and stands there for a while staring down the lane, and when he finally rolls it he makes a strike.
When the strike is over, it then replays in slow motion.
A toy dog is walking on the floor.
It stops to look around back and forth.
Someone picks the dog up and puts it back down.
Two men start fighting standing outside.
One man throws the other man onto a table.
A person is showing how to install rubber tiles in a gym.
The video shows several people working out in a gym on the flooring.
The person shows how to prep the floor surface before installing the tiles.
He demonstrates how to lay the tiles on the floor in a criss-cross manner.
The video shows a simulation how the tiles can measured up and laid down one by one in order to get a perfect wall to to wall fit.
A person also shows how to trim tiles to fit flush edge to edge without leaving a gap between tiles.
Finally he shows how to use a vinegar solution to clean the tiles in order to maintain the quality of the tiles.
The video ends with the information of the tile company.
A man is indoors, wearing boxing gloves.
He is kickboxing with a large punching bag, kicking and punching it over and over.
A man mounts a beam in front of a crowd.
The gymnast begins to drop, lift, hold, and spin in circles on the high beams for the crowd.
He dismounts gracefully, raising his arms to the crowd before walking away.
The video begins with various words and instructions on how to insert & remove Halloween contact lenses.
A contact lens container is then filled with contact solution and the contacts into both sides of the container.
The woman then puts her thumb and finger into the left side and pulls out a white contact lens and inserts it into her right eye and blinks a few times as the words "featuring White Out contact lens" on the bottom of the screen.
The woman reaches into the right side of the contact lens container and pulls out the other contact lens and inserts it into her left eye and then blinks multiple times.
The woman then reaches back into her left eye first, then into her right to remove the contact lenses and a shot of them sitting in the contact lens container appears.
Video ends with a screen telling you to subscribe to their YouTube channel for more helpful videos.
A young boy and girl sit next to each other.
They are fed ice cream.
The girl tries to eat the boys ice cream.
The girl laughs at the end.
Two people are seen sitting before a wave pool and one leads another out onto the water on a board.
The person falls when another attempts to ride the board on the water.
The person continues riding along the water and ends with the camera panning around the area and the boy falls.
Two women are seen sitting in a park with one behind the other.
One girl begins braiding the hair of another while sitting behind.
The girl finishes the hair while the other looks back to the camera.
A boy is chopping wood in a forest.
The boy almost drops the axe.
The boy looks at the camera.
A man demonstrates how to wash the underbody of a car.
A car is shown going through a commercial wash.
They advertise their expertise in washing cars.
We see men playing instruments in a plaza.
The front man turns around to the men behind him.
The man in front grabs the microphone.
The band finishes playing their instruments.
A man in a red kayak rolls into the water, and out of the water.
He rolls into the water once more.
He then is in a blue kayak and rolls into the water and out of the water.
He does it once more.
A man kisses a girl on the beach.
People are playing rock paper scissors on the beach.
A man in a black shirt is standing on the beach.
Two men are rappeling up the side of a steep rock cliff.
One of the men climbs about halfway up, before letting go and releasing himself back toward the ground.
Two boys play ping pong in a gym and one of the boys use a Nunchaku as a racket t o play and make tricks.
A man pass on front the ping pong table and stand near the table.
Then, the man joint one of the players and start to play, after, Bruce Lee appears in the screen of a smart phone that flips around.
A boy does martial arts moves and braks a board, then he fix the  Nunchaku and after use it to light a match in the mouth of the other boy.
A close up is seen of Christmas decorations.
A man in Santa Claus costume plays a drum set in a home with a lit up Christmas tree.
The man dressed up as Santa finishes playing the song on drums.
A woman is standing in a room talking.
She shows a bottle in her hand.
She pours some of the lotion onto her hands and rubs it on her face.
She uses a towel to dry her face.
We see a dark opening screen.
We then see people performing hip hop dances.
We see a sign for the 2004 event.
We see people in front of an audience dancing.
We see a man do a spin the crowd clips for.
We see a sign for the 2005 event.
Two men take a bow.
We see a screen for the 2006 event.
A man in red does a bunch of moves.
We see signs for the 2007 event.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera and leads into her playing with her hair and pining it up.
She ten begins braiding her hair in various places while speaking to the camera.
She ties her hair back around her head and ends by speaking to the camera.
A close up of a table is shown that leads into several clip of a puck moving along the table from various angles.
People push and look down towards the pucks as they move along and continue to play the game with one another back and fourth.
We see people playing volleyball in sand with a dog.
We see a man laying in the sand.
The dog runs for the ball.
A person throws the ball back and the dog returns.
The dog tries to get the ball.
A man kicks sand at and shoos the dog.
An athlete prepares to perform long jump in a stadium full of people, then a white male runs and jumps high to land in the sand.
Also, three black males runs fast and jump high to perform long jump.
Also, a white male perform long jump, as well two black men do long jumps.
A score board shows and score, while a person stands walk away, and takes off his sweet sweater.
A black male jumps high happy a runs celebrating his triumph.
man is climbong a rock wall atached to harness.
a group of friends are standing on the field and above them the man is climbing the rock wall.
man is climbong the rock wall holding it and the other people on the floor is attached to harness ready to climb the wall too.
A hand holds a damp mop sign up to the camera.
A person mops a floor, with the camera only picking up part of the person and the mop.
The camera shows a close up of the mop head.
A woman in a white dress walks into her house all happy only to be very disappointed when she see's the dishes in the sink.
She changes out of her dress in to some comfortable clothing and gets in the kitchen ready to do the dishes.
She is very childishly blowing bubbles with the soap and dancing around.
She dries some of the dishes with a rag and put the rest in the dishwasher, once the dishes are done in the dish washer she takes them out and puts them all away.
A group of lacrosse players are shown on a field.
They run around, trying to get the ball away from each other.
They are shown playing in slow motion.
A large group of people are seen standing around a parking lot with one holding a ball.
The group then plays a game of kickball while moving around the area and throwing balls at one another.
The people continue walking around while looking to one another and throwing the ball.
A close up of a couch is seen followed by a person walking in and out of frame.
The person then sits down and holds their feet up.
The person then puts a pair of shoes on and walks out of frame.
A toddler is holding a leaf blower.
A teen is raking the lawn.
A teen tosses a rake full of leaves at the toddler.
Several people are seen drilling holes into the ice while looking down and speaking to the camera.
Many pictures are shown of the people fishing as well as pulling fish out of a hole.
More people sit by the holes and continue to pull out fish.
A young girl is seen speaking to the camera and looking off into the distance.
She continues speaking and leads into a woman cutting her hair.
She hands the girl her hair and shows off her cut in the end.
A person is seen riding around on the horse in a closed in area.
The camera continues to follow him riding around the area galloping around.
A close up of a computer is shown followed by a man stepping into frame and singing into the microphone.
The man continues singing while the camera captures him and fades to black in the end.
It looks like this is an arabic language that is being written or something.
Then on a field there is men playing a game throwing the ball.
Some coaches are walking around with hats to keep the sun out of their eyes.
The game looks pretty intense, one man puts all of his might into one of the throws he make.
There's a little boy wearing a red Elmo shirt standing on a step stool in the kitchen with his grandmother.
They are juicing a lemon on an electric juicer that is placed on the kitchen counter near the sink.
the boy seems excited to help his grandmother juice the lemon.
He puts his hand over her hand while she is juicing the lemon.
A man speaking about how he will be sharpening knives today.
He shows the tool that he will be using that is called chefs choice.
He shows how to use it and how you can use it with either hand.
Then he begins to sharpen one of his knives.
After he is done sharpening it he demonstrates with a tomato how helpful it is.
Two small children are seen outside by a swingset.
One swings back and fourth while the other stands on the side.
One man kicks the other boy and he bends over.
We see a crowd of people watching an event.
The men fiddle with a metal handle.
They hold hands in preparation for the match and the judge touches their hands.
The men begin their arm wrestling match, and the guy on the right wins.
The guys shake hands and hug.
We see a shot of one of the contestants.
A young girl has her hair pulled back and glasses on as someone marks here cartilage.
Once it is marked,she begins smiling at the camera.
The man then grabs a pair of tweezers and clips the girl's ear.
The earring is finally in and the girl begins to smile in approval and touches her other ear.
kids are playing on the playground in the school ground.
kids are swingin in the swing on a side.
little kid stands on the edge of the slide.
Two men are showering in an outside shower.
People are playing water polo in the water.
They get out of the water and are walking next to the pool.
A collage of drawings and logos are seen in black and white that make up a larger logo.
A beach is seen from the distance and houses are seen on a hillside in a small beach town.
A surfer walks down towards the beach.
Surfers ride large waves in the ocean.
Several clips of shown of a person riding down city streets on roller blades.
The person continues riding along the streets and then text appears across the screen.
A woman is standing and talking in a kitchen.
She is using a small vacuum cleaner.
She demonstrates how to use the vacuum as she talks.
A man sits down on an exercise machine.
He begins working out on the machine.
A man in a tan shirt stands behind him.
A person turns on the emergency lights of a car and takes out the emergency tire.
Then, the man loose the  lug nuts of the tire, and then reads the manual.
After, the man puts a jack below the car to raise it.
Next, the man puts the emergency tire and tight the lug nuts.
At the end, the man keeps the jack and the flat tire.
A woman with dark hair and silver framed glasses looks around pensively until her gaze lands on the camera and she feigns surprise at the presence of the camera and begins to talk to the camera.
The woman begins to hold a pair of contact lenses and lens solution up to the camera and then proceeds to take the lenses out and talks to the camera alone again.
The woman pours solution into her hand and cleans the lens in her hand before plopping two of them in her eyes and exhibiting completely black eyes to the camera while talking.
The woman then takes the contact out of her eyes, then puts them back in on the fade out.
Several shots are shown of scuba divers moving along the water and fish moving around them.
More people are seen moving along the ocean while gesturing to the camera and capturing all the wildlife around them.
In the end they're seen riding a boat together and waving to the camera.
A person's shoe is seen sitting in a sink and the person scrubs the outside of the shoe with water running.
The person turns the water off and let's the dirt from the shoe run down the sink.
A man is seen kneeling down before a track while others watch on the sides.
A person runs in on the side and jumps into a pit.
The man sitting tracks his score and several more people are seen running in.
A young girl is seen speaking to the camera while sitting at a table and leads into her holding up a contacts case.
The girl then holds her eye open and takes out the contact, followed by her dipping it in liquid and putting it back in while still speaking.
A man is talking in front of a rock climbing wall.
He starts climbing the rock climbing wall.
A man in a yellow hat is talking.
He climbs up the wall.
Several people are climbing up the rock climbing wall.
A seated man is using a sharpener to sharpen a large knife.
He scrapes it along the surface and underbelly of the knife, sharpening it.
A boy talks to the camera.
The boy scrubs a metal sink with a brush.
The boy switches his grip on the brush.
People compete bike-cross on a bumpy road.
A person sprays water on the bumpy road where the bikers pass.
A group of bikers leave the start line to start the motocross competition, while other group start to run bike-cross.
A person wearing white top take pictures to the bikers.
New groups of bikers start to run on the bumpy road to compete bike-cross.
man is sitting on a table eating a sandwich in a rstaurant talking to other man.
man is watching the man while eats and talking to him.
both men stands and play rock paper scissors and man hits the man sand this falls to the floor.
man is sitting on the chair and talks to the man on thefloor and throw him the sandwich.
man walks to a desk and sits in front of te computer drinking water and the other man is laying on the floor trying to talk.
anoher man siting in front talk to the man in the desk.
man stands and talk to the man on the floor and hits him again and the man spit blood.
We enter a room and see a boy putting a shirt on an ironing board.
The boy begins ironing the tank top with an unplugged iron.
The little boy irons a gray shirt and sits the iron on the board next to it.
The little boy walks away smiling.
The boy shows two fingers and walks around the room with the iron.
A man is putting ingredients into a pan.
He stirs it together over a stove.
He puts it on a plate and shows the camera.
A man puts a black lens in his eye.
Then, the man takes off the lens and after puts it again.
A person is seen performing various flips and tricks in front of audience and leads into a young boy standing in the middle.
The boy and man then battle against one another doing several tricks and ends with the an holding the boy's arm.
He then claps to the boy and several people on the side clap.
These people are shown exercising on the exercise bikes.
These people are pedaling using only one leg and they're standing in the middle of the bike with the other one holding their hands up.
Next they do a different exercise where they put one foot on the pedal, while they have one foot out and they bounce up and down.
A large group of boys paddle around on a lake in red canoes.
Other groups of boys on a dock prepare boats for use.
Two boys on a canoe back paddle to get away from the reeds on the edge on the lake.
People are standing in a room working out.
They are stepping up and down on small stepping stools.
They continue working out in the room.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while a shot of a person playing basketball shows behind.
The man continues speaking as more shots are shown of the boy playing basketball.
The man continues speaking and ends with text across the screen.
There's a little girl washing dishes and spoons in the kitchen sink.
She uses a blue dish scrub and plenty of dish soap and washes the glass and spoons while keeping the tap running.
She has her hands covered with soap foam as she washes the spoons and knives under the tap.
She then washes a pizza cutter and spoon thoroughly with the soap and water.
A  large black dog and a little girl in a white blouse carries two hoolahoops in the living room.
The little girl holds a hoola hoop in front of the dog and the dog walks through the hoolahoop.
The little girl spins the other hoola hoop around her waste and spins it 10 or 12 times.
The little girl walks up to the black dog and lets the dog lick her hand.
We see a man conducting an orchestra.
We see a lady in a blue dress is playing in front of the other players.
We see the lady from the back, and we see the other players.
We see a shot of the whole orchestra.
We see the basoon players playing.
We fade to black and the video ends.
A man body slams another man on a ring.
A referee taps on the ground several times.
The crowd cheers for the people.
A young boy is seen standing on top of a slide and edging his way down.
The boy rides all down the slide and the camera follows him walking around afterwards.
We see an opening title screen.
We see a man in an orange shirt twirl and spin to throw the hammer over 80km .
Next we see a man in a blue shirt throw 73km.
We see a man in a white shirt throw 75km.
The man in orange goes again and throws 81km.
We see the opening title screen.
A man hold up a bench and opens the parts so he can set it up.
He sticks a pin in and snaps his ski in.
He then waxes the ski and removes the pin.
He adjusts the parts of the bench.
