Two men turn and look at each other.
One man buys drinks as everyone stares at them.
The five men drink their beers in one gulp.
The men leave the bar drunk.
We see a gray closing screen.
A man is seen sitting on a bench with other wiping his ear down with cleaner.
The man looks at his phone while the other then begins piercing his ears.
The man puts an earring in each hole while still speaking to the man and shoving off his earring.
Someone is drawing on tape and cutting it out.
They dip a paint brush in paint and paint it put it on a sponge.
They put that on their nail and put a top coat on.
They put glitter over the heart on the nail.
A child sitting at restaurant table places his hands in a dessert.
The child uses his hands to eat the food.
The adult keeps the child from spilling the food on the floor and helps feed him.
A man is seen holding up a piece of wood and rubbing it down while speaking to the camera and spraying down polish.
The man wipes down the polish with a rag while continuing to speak to the camera and holding up the piece of wood in the end.
A small group of children are seen sitting around a pool while the camera pans around the pool.
The kids kick their feet around and show one instructor helping a child.
The man continues to swim around the pool with children and close ups of children.
A group of men are inside of a gym space stepping on aerobic steppers at a fast pace.
They look to be having a great time and begin reaching out with their arms and varying their workout.
They continue on performing another series of similar workout with their steppers.
They move side to side, alternating their movements to a specific rhythm.
Their last of their workouts seem to be a compilation of everything they have been doing thus far and they are varying their movements within it.
a boy is inside a gym.
He lifts a barbell up to his chest.
He pauses, then lifts it over his head.
A large group of people are seen standing around a room with a woman in front grabbing a drink.
The woman puts her drink down and begins leading a group of people dancing around.
The group continues to dance around while the camera captures their movements.
Five people carrying skateboards are walking towards the light.
The young people are skateboarding in a subdivision while sitting down using their hands as a break.
The young people skateboard in a ramp, then to the parking lot, then to the subdivision, one of the skateboarders fell off their skateboards.
A man is seen sitting in a chair as well as shots of people riding wake boards and clips of a dock.
The man continues speaking to the camera while more shots of people wake boarding are shown as well as doing flips and tricks.
At a store by the name of skinny ski's there is a table set up with things needed to saw down skis.
A man uses some equipment to melt some wax over a ski, going over it a few times.
He then directly uses the iron right on the ski too smoothen out the wax he just melted over it, going over it a few times.
He then shows a package of dibloc low fluoro hot wax and information on how to contact for services.
A girl leans over a sink, and a boy walks up to talk to her.
She starts laughing and jumping up and down.
The boy seems equally excited, and she smiles at the camera.
A person welds a seam of a large metal pipe wearing protective mask.
The person peers through a tiny hole in a piece of metal.
The man finishes the weld and the seam is seen glowing red hot.
A man taps the finished welled with a metal file.
A man wearing a black coat is chopping a piece of wood with an ax.
He tries again and chops it again.
He moves the stump and tries to chop it again.
He continues to chop the wood.
men are sitting in a black jack table in a casino and the dealer is spreading the cards to players.
man is talking to the camera.
the dealer woman is standing talking in front of the camera.
man is standing in front of slot machine talking to the camera.
A man is standing behind a bar.
He starts cutting up fruit and putting it in the glass.
He starts mashing the fruit with a stick.
He adds ice to the glass and pours alcohol in.
He shakes the drink and pours it into a tall glass.
He adds some liquid and stirs it with a straw.
A woman demonstrates how to dry a counter top and sink of water splashed from a sink faucet with a paper towel.
A woman stands in a kitchen next to a sink and talks to the camera.
the woman points to a water splash on the counter next to the sink after turning on the water at the sink.
The woman then grabs a paper towel and wipes down the sink counter, the inside of the sink and the faucet spout.
The woman then returns to talking to the camera.
A compilation of professional wrestler Kevin Owens performing power bombs on many wrestlers, in the beginning of the video he enters the building with a confident look, as he proceeds to get in he performs multiple power bombs.
The ending of the video has a subscriber message.
Three men are seen riding on top of horses around one another and leads into a bull running in and chasing  a man on a horse.
The man rides around the bull and shows several more shots of the riders riding around the bull.
At one point more men run into the pit and the bull lays down on it's side while the audience cheers and the man holds his arms up.
A young man is seen pushing a puck down a table to another man standing on the other side.
The other man then pushes a puck and the boys continue playing the game back and fourth.
The camera zooms in on the men in the end as well as other people standing around the room.
A woman is shown from various angles moving on an exercise machine and leads into the earth revolving.
She places an item on the machine and several pictures of health are shown.
She is again on the machine riding and finally folds up the machine in the end.
We see a man mowing a lawn.
He stands on the stairs to mow.
It switches to a woman mowing.
It goes back to the man mowing.
The man puts the mower in the shed and goes into the house.
We see a young man speaking in a news studio.
We see a man riding a stationary bike and see a photo of the man holding a cake.
We see the man being interviewed cut with scenes of the man working out.
We see the man in the image holding the cake again and see the man in the shirt which no longer fits and is too big.
We see the man working out again.
We see three newscasters in the studio.
A commercial exhibits a varied array of welding equipment and demonstrates how to weld using the equipment.
A welding helmet, clamps,welding kit and gloves are shown in line on a white background.
A person begins to use the welding tools to weld inside of a car producing fire sparks as the welding takes place.
a closeup of the welded area is shown before a marketing template presents across the screen.
We see two men walking and jumping on jump-stilts.
One man jumps down the road, the the other as a man photographs them.
A man on a bike rides past the men.
Four bikes ride past the men.
A man is seen sitting on a horse and riding into a pit swinging a rope.
The man throws the rope onto a calf and jumps off the horse.
He ties up the calf and ends by running back to the horse.
A bunch of men are inside a green colored gym.
They are lobbing a tennis ball back and forth.
They are engaged in a game of tennis.
A man is talking as he looks at a bicycle.
He places a speed control tool on the handlebar of the bike.
He continues talking until he has the bar in place.
Two women sweep a floor together as a ball glides behind them.
They sweep the floor again and one of the women stops for a second as her partner starts sweeping faster.
They sweep the floor again with one woman furiously sweeping towards the end as her partner stops for a second and looks up.
The "LLumar" logo appears on screen.
A young girl with a pool cue walks to a pool table, the camera focuses on her low cut top.
Several women play pool at the table in revealing clothing.
The "LLumar" logo reappears on screen.
A standing man talks to the camera with two women seated beside him.
The camera pans to focus on the two women.
A man shovels snow from a driveway.
The camera pans to show another man using an electric shoveling machine to clear show from his driveway.
The man finishes clearing snow and turns to the camera.
We see a series of title screens.
We then see a badminton match.
We see a illustration of badminton.
We then see a lady and a man playing indoors.
We see animations as the man hits the ball.
We see a illustration of the man.
We then see the ending screen.
A man is talking in a green room.
An older man and young woman are seen spinning around a stick while the girl is blindfolded and people sitting around her watch.
The girl then swings the stick around the air aiming for the pinata and hitting the object several times.
She continues to swing around the air until the end when she finally hits it.
A lake is seen with the view of a city skyline across the way.
A group of walkers walk along the sidewalk near the lake.
A man uses a snow blower on a sidewalk area.
People use snow shovels to clear the sidewalk.
A spade gardening tool is used to break up ice.
A man applies salt to the cleared sidewalk area.
The man is on his feet bouncing towards the camera while standing on a tight flat ribbon that is connected to two very tall rock walls.
The man then turns around and starts bouncing on his backside then back and forth onto his feet and backside while holding and letting go of the ribbon.
The man continues to do tricks on the tight ribbon until he gets off of the ribbon and walks away smiling.
A man wearing a grey t-shirt stands at a desk with a computer monitor displaying a timer.
The man holds a Rubik's Cube and starts the timer as he starts to solve the Rubik's Cube.
As the man completes the Rubik's Cube he drops the puzzle and stops the timer at 26 seconds.
A man holds a pair of boots while talking and showing dirty parts.
Then, the man put a clothe inside the boot and brush the shaft of the boot thoroughly.
A couple of tools are sitting on the edge of a table.
A man adjusts the position of the tools.
He uses a knife in the crevices, sharpening the knife.
A video game for WWE professional wrestling starts, showing a three on one match.
The player controlling Roman Reigns hits a big move on his opponent, and his team comes in for a big coordinated attack.
A middle aged man is standing in the street wearing rollerblades.
The man precisely skates in-between a tight row of small cones.
The man does a handstand after completing the course and goes back to the beginning.
A close up of bicycle handlebars are shown as well as a person adjusting the handlebars.
The camera zooms in on the bars and the person pours liquid into the side.
The man continues working and ends by putting the handlebars back and riding away.
People skateboard down the road of a city.
A group of teens meet on the road and watch a teen skateboard.
A teen enters a skateboard ramp and skateboard around.
A boy skateboards on a road passing a city and a field.
Two teens skateboard on a road.
A person stands by a river.
A group of people wearing vests kayak down a river.
A person holds their paddle over their head.
A couple of people are sitting by the river in a grassy area.
The people kayaking approach a bridge.
A couple of people sit near some cars next to the river.
A close up of a table is shown as well as a man standing around the table and pointing to the side.
Two men are watching on the side as the game continues and another man records on his phone.
A man is seen standing behind a counter speaking to the camera and holding up cleaning products.
He puts the products into a sink and begins scrubbing around the sides.
He wipes down the counter and shows off the finished sink.
A person is seen sitting on a bench holding a rubix cube.
The person then begins moving their hands around the solve the cube.
The person solves the cube then turns the camera off.
A man is working out on an elliptical machine.
It shows the screen on the machine.
On a river, people gather to watch people on donuts and boats kayaking rough waters.
A couple of people on a kayak are flipped over and fall into the river.
A man is seen hosting a news segment and speaking to the camera.
The man is then seen helping another lay down plaster.
The host continues helping the men tear up floor as well as lay it down and speak to the camera.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera holding up various mops and presenting them to the camera.
She then dips the mops into a bucket and washes them along the floor.
She continues speaking while holding up the mops as well as taking them apart and showing how they work.
A young child is seen sitting behind a drum set playing the drums.
The boy continues playing the instrument while the camera zooms in on him playing.
A man and a woman are sitting behind a table.
Players are playing soccer on dirt, outside.
Fans and players cheer or celebrate.
A black intro screen with white words appear and it notes the location, the people, and the cake they are going to make.
A man and woman wearing red aprons appear in a kitchen with a white kitchen aid mixer in front of them and a banner on the screen displaying all the ingredients.
The view then changes to a shot from above to show what the man is doing, and the banner on the screen is still showing the ingredients that are being used.
The view changes from front to a top angle as the man is mixing the ingredients.
The view then changes back to a front view and the man moves the kitchen aid to the side and grabs from the counter behind them, a baked cake and a plate with a slice of cake on it.
The outro includes a picture of the man and woman standing together, their names, the name of the cake they made, their address and the news station that aired it.
The credits then begin to scroll from bottom to top on a black screen with white letters.
There's a person dressed in a blue track suit demonstrating how to use a rowing machine.
He sits on the bar of the machine and secures his feet into the foot rest.
Then he begins by pulling the rope towards his chest while straightening his legs.
Then he continues to use the machine in back and forth motion.
Then comes to a rest by releasing the rope and leaning backwards.
We see an opening screen then a sitting lady.
We see a person cutting the ladies long hair with a level.
The person then brushes her blunt hair.
The lady turns around and smiles.
We see a before and after.
We then see scenes of people using the tool.
We see the tool in white and blue.
The closing screen is seen.
a lot of kids ar standing ni a basket court doing boxing movements.
little girls are standing in the middle of a court practicing boxing.
people are sitting on chairs in a wooden court.
A man turns his body around, preparing to throw his discus.
The man throws the discus really hard.
The man watches ahead after his discus.
A man is running down a street.
A white car is right behind him on the street.
People are riding bicycles next to him.
Two young boys stand on a residential driveway.
The little boy plays hopscotch twice on the driveway.
A little girl plays the game too and then follows the other children away from the driveway.
A man holds clips against a bracket placed on a wooden desk.
He welds the metal bracket.
The man finishes welding and picks up a stick from the wooden desk.
women are in the background of a gym lifting weights.
man is preparing himself to lift weigh and stands in front of weight.
We see a white title screen.
We then see a lady moping and wringing the mop by hand.
We see a bucket which rings a round mop without touching it.
A lady changes the mop head with her foot.
Three ladies give endorsements and we see them using the mop.
We then see more of the mop in action.
We see the ending title screen.
a sea is shown with a green forest on seashore.
blond man is standing in seashore and talking to the camera and surfing big waves on the sea.
man is walking on seashore through a lot of people and talking to the camera and holding an award and talking about surfing the seashore.
A young man is standing in a netted green circular area.
The man is holding a ball and begins to spin himself around and around multiple times and then throws the ball.
After he throws the ball he falls hard and quickly onto the ground.
Two sumo wrestlers are shown in a ring as spectators and a referee watch.
The wrestlers crouch down and run into each other.
They briefly wrestle while one man gets thrown out of the ring.
The winner performs a hand signal with the referee.
The loser walks in the back as they show a replay of the win.
The video ends with the host interviewing the loser, and showing the sumo ring.
A man is running throws a javelin.
He puts his hands in the air and waves at the crowd.
He grabs a towel and puts his hands in the air.
A man in a black shirt spins around and throws a ball onto the field.
A man in the stands claps for him.
Another man spins and throws a ball onto the field.
A baby calf is seen running around a sand pit when a man riding a horse and swinging a rope begins to chase him.
The man ties up the calf and rides away while the video leads into shots of a horse kicking a rider off of it's back.
More shots are shown of horses kicking riders off while people grab the horse in the end.
Several clips are shown of people wandering around areas, looking to the camera, and skateboarding down a hill.
Several more people are shown skateboarding own various areas as well as swimming, rolling joints, and and surfing on the water.
The men perform tricks, get naked, swim underwater, cut open a watermelon, as well as various other activities that lead back into skateboarding.
Three men are set up to play darts.
The man in the peach shirts throws a dart at the dart board.
A man in blue hits a cue ball.
The man in peach lines back up and shoots three darts at the dart board and removes them.
He lines back up in front of the board and throws one more dart.
More people gather around as two men remove the darts from the dartboards and walk back a distance.
Both men throw a dart at the dartboard.
The man in peach walks to remove the darts.
A woman stands by the dart board and smiles.
The man in peach throws three darts at the board again and smiles as he removes them.
Man begins to rip up carpet underlay.
He measures the slat to put between the door opening.
Then he places materials underneath the carpet underlay.
He puts a wooden slat in the door entrance.
He picks the slat up.
He cuts the slat.
He lays the slat down again.
He drills it into place.
He then lays his hands on the top of the slat.
A lady on a rowing machine in a gym sits still.
The lady leans forward and works out slowly on the machine.
The lady starts to row a little faster and the screen fades to black.
A camera with a caption is shown and leads into several people jumping off a bridge.
Another shot of people riding down a river on tubes is shown followed by large groups of people on the sandbars.
The cameraman grabs another tube an jumps in the water while still floating down and catching a popped balloon.
Two men are sitting at the table with their arms on the table, they are positioned for arm wrestling.
A in blue shirt is standing at the center holding both hands of the player.
The man with the bear broke his arm after the other man push it down.
woman is standing in a big room holding an épée and aman walks in and holds other épée and start fighting with the woman.
kids enters in a room and run to the man and woman.
man gives a black mask to the woman and wear it.
A man wearing a black shirt holds an exercise ball over another man wearing a light blue shirt performs sit-ups on an inclined bench.
The man wearing the black shirt drops the ball on the floor and crouches down and high fives the man performing the sit-ups.
A man trims a wall of foliage outdoors, while wearing shorts and a pair of noise canceling headphones with a tree trimming motorized tool.
The man takes a break and then climbs a ladder and uses the tool with an extended arm to trim the top of the wall from the top of the ladder.
The man then moves the ladder down the length of the wall to continue trimming the foliage.
An intro leads into several clips of people riding in on horses throwing a rope and grabbing calf's in the middle of a pit.
More clips are shown of people roping calf's in the pit and ending with pictures of people performing.
A young man in green shirt is standing at the goal, while the young player in blue kicked the ball to the goal, and the ball went inside the goal, the man in green shirt missed the ball.
The man in red shirt run towards the ball, kicked the ball, and the goalkeeper wasn't able to block it, the player high five his teammates.
The players are kicking the ball to the goal and the goalkeepers weren't able to block the ball.
men are in a stadium cleaning te snow from the stands.
men are riding horses in snowy field.
men are puting boots and polo uniforms.
women are standing in a field walking and sitting on stands.
men are playing polo in snowy field while people is around watching them.
A group of drummers dressed in all white outfits perform a song.
An instructor stands in front of the group giving instructions.
An older boy and a younger one are on a racquetball court.
They hit the ball back and forth against the wall.
They continue fighting over the ball, trying to beat each other in the game.
A sign board is seen with a company logo and contact information.
A construction worker screws down floor baseboards.
A construction worker uses a handheld scraper to apply plaster to the bare floor.
A worker places tiles onto the floor and uses plastic cross spacers in the groves.
A heavy weight roller is rolled over the newly placed tiles.
The finished floor is seen after the job is done.
A man in black is sitting and playing at a piano while a man in red is standing near drums.
As the man in black plays, the man in red is rolling up a wire.
The man in red begins bobbing his head to the beat of the piano music.
The man then places the wire down.
A girl is sitting down in front of a couch.
She starts playing a flute.
She continues playing the flute white looking down.
Two wrestlers meet at a table inside a wrestling ring.
They sit at the table and hold each other's hands, prepared to arm wrestle.
The men try hard to beat each other, pushing hard on each side.
One wins, then they get up and start fighting inside the ring.
One is kicked out of the ring, leaving the giant as the victor.
A young girl is outside at the park talking to what appears to be her older brother.
The two begin a face off and they drop down to the sidewalk drawing a long game of hopscotch.
Once complete,they stand up,throw their chalk and the girl moves to the right of the game.
The boy starts the game off and the girl begins her turn moving forward and backwards down the game.
To show her up,the boy begins to dance across the pavement and the girl returns it by flipping down the game.
Now its the boy's turn and he tries to flip but ends up falling and the girl starts to laugh at him.
The young girl wins and the boy gives her his Xbox as a result.
A pale young woman in a white dress is standing in the forest with long curly brownish-reddish hair and begins skipping.
Then she is shown with a black shirt and long hair and begins talking in a dark staircase.
She stands up,flips her pony tail and the camera pans her outfit and she has on a black shirt and blue shorts and begins walking up the stairs.
Next,she goes into a room and begins talking to a woman with a black shirt and blonde hair.
The lady holds up a white index card with sketches of two heads.
The lady washes her hairs and begins cutting it with a pair of shears to a very short length.
The girl sits in the chair and begins shaking her ear length hair and holding up the cut off hair in her hands.
The hairdresser begins blow drying her hair,cutting it and styling it.
She continues to get her hair down while her hair is panned over on the counter and the floor.
Then she sits on a bench and smiles at the thought of her short hair cut.
A young woman is seen speaking to the camera while holding onto a field hockey stick.
The girl then hits the ball all around the yard while the camera follows.
She continues to hit the ball around and stops to look at the camera.
We see an opening title screen.
We see a lady in a chefs coat in a kitchen talking.
A lady sharpens a knife on a rod.
The lady puts water on a black sharpener block.
The lady then sharpens the knife.
She then returns to the rod.
Then back to the black block.
We see a closing title screen.
a person is assembling a vacuum on the carpet.
They plug the vacuum in.
They turn the vacuum on and begin vacuuming the floor.
They take the attachment hose off and vacuum the base boards and stairs.
They take the filter out and empty it.
They unplug the vacuum and put it in the closet.
A small group of people are seen riding down a rough river past others while many watch on the side.
The group continues to paddle along and meeting up with other groups at the bottom.
A man is shown smiling in an image as words go over his face.
He is in and indoor court, showing a little boy how to hit a tennis ball against the wall with a racket.
The boy tries several times.
A construction man introduces the video and talks about placing shingles on a roof.
He places some shingles down and nails them in.
He nails in a metal piece that runs along the corner of the roof and building to help keep things in place.
He repeats this process before closing the video.
A man stretches out shirts on an ironing board in a workshop area and uses a flat iron to steam press it.
The man removes the ironed shirt and places it on a hanger.
The man gives the shirt one more quick ironing on a single spot then hangs the shirt on a rack.
A man is being pulled on a water ski as he floats in the water casually.
He mounts the water ski and tears through the water at fast speeds.
Two men are shown sitting in the boat, before cutting back to the turbulent water skiing.
A lady explains drinks and the mixing of them,she grabs a cup with ice and add some liquor to it by using a shot glass to get the right measurement.
the lady then mix another type of liquor to the first type she poured in the glass.
finally she adds a type of juice to the drink with a sliced orange and straw.
A video is shown for how to do a frizz free blowout.
After washing and conditioning, product is applied and blow dried.
Then the rest of the procedure is completed.
A old man puts salt to bowling water in a pot, then he adds pasta and let cook for one minute.
Then, the man turns off the stove and puts on the pot a cloth and a lid and let it for 10 min.
After, the man drains the pasta in the sink.
A woman comes and taste the cooked pasta and gives a thump up.
A large group of people are seen running around a soccer field playing a game of soccer.
The kids continue to kick the ball around one another while others watch on the side.
More shots are shown of the game as well as people playing with one another.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while holding a scraper.
He pushes the scraper along the car while speaking to the camera.
In the end he slides down into the snow.
An introduction graphic comes onto the screen presenting a volleyball championship.
A man comes onto the screen announcing the competition before it begins.
Different girls are shown playing beach volley ball as the narrator tells the story of their road to the championship.
Many of the team members are shown talking on the court and strategizing for the win.
The video cuts to a conference room where there is a discussion about the volleyball players.
The video ends with the graphics for the c losing credits.
A person is walking slow on ice,trying to to crack it.
the person made many mid size hole in the ice and have fishing line hanging deep in the water underneath.
the person walking to one of the hole and checks the fishing line to see if he caught nay fish.
the guy then pulls hard on the fishing line and drags it in.
finally he uses a long metal hook to hook the fish he caught and brings it out the hole.
he then unhooks the long hook and use his tools to unhook the small fishing hook the the fish mouth leaving the fish bloody.
A calf and horse run out of a gate.
The man catches the calf and ties it up.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera and leads into her laying out various food items and mixing ingredients into a blender.
She pours more out more flours into the mixer and shows several shots of cookies being made.
She lays out more ingredients, pours of spoonfuls of dough onto a pan, and then breaks apart a cooked cookie.
A girl moves around an indoor playground.
The girl slides down and climbs up a slide with boy.
A finger touches the girls hair and head.
A woman is holding an athlete's ankle while sh is on the beam.
The woman is making the athlete raiser her ankle a and walk to the beam, she guide the athlete as she walks.
The athlete walked backwards with her ankle's up, then the woman guided her as she turns around.
A woman gets her eyebrow clamped.
A person pushes a needle through her eyebrow.
They twist an earring into the eyebrow.
They clean around the earring with a qtip.
A girl stands and talks in a public restroom.
The girl goes into a stall and closes the door.
She emerges and washes her hands.
She takes a paper and drys her hands.
Another person is washing their hands.
The girl throws away the papertowel.
A colorful hexagonal shaped kite is flying high in the air.
The clear blue skies and the bright sun shinning make the kite look very colorful and radiant.
We see a little girl painting a fence red.
The girl puts more paint on her brush.
The girl fills her brush again.
We see the fence and an adult shows her how to paint.
The adult points at a missed spot.
People are painting a wooden fence in a yard.
A dog walks behind them.
They continue painting the fence.
A man standing in front of orange flowers talks.
A small dog is laying on the ground.
A shower head is shown.
A woman is sitting on a bed with the dog.
Her and the dog are in the shower.
She is spraying the dog with water.
A bottle is being held up to be shown.
She dries the dog off with a white towel.
A robot is dancing on the screen.
In the beginning the man is shown tricking the bull.
Many other men have been shown tricking bulls in front of large crowds.
The faucet showing is then a hand attached the hose and tighten the hose.
A straw is attached to a tank.
The woman is washing the dog with the hose in the bathtub.
A woman is seen dancing in the street placing an instrument while others watch on the side.
The woman continues to play the instrument while moving her leg up and down and the people clap for her on the side.
A camera pans around several wooded areas and leads into a boy holding a leaf blower and smiling to the camera.
The camera pans to an older man and then back to the boys blowing leaves.
A man is lifting a large weight over his head several times.
A woman walks in front of him.
A man in a black shirt stands behind him.
Words come on the screen at the end.
We see a number of men throwing darts and a woman keeping score.
The man grabs the darts off the board and walks away.
Another man shoots, grabs his darts and goes.
A third guy shoots darts and goes.
The fourth guy shoots and goes.
the first guy returns for another chance.
the second guy goes again.
the third guy plays again.
The fourth guy takes his turn.
And we see them repeat.
Two women are smoking a hookah while seated on a couch.
They take turns taking hits and blowing smoke.
They are blowing the smoke in rings toward the camera.
A woman does a dance with a hulahoop.
She throws it up, catches it, and dances around the room.
A small child is seen hoping along the floor when a woman leads in more young dancers.
She lines up the girls in front of a large crowd and the kids begin dancing on the stage.
The little ones continue to dance and twirl on stage and walk off stage.
A man is standing outside a tattoo and piercing parlor.
He lies down on a bench while a tattoo artist works on a tattoo on his back.
He shows a close up of his work, which says thuglife.
The man looks at the work in the mirror.
A small group of people are seen sitting around a casino table speaking to one another and playing a game of poker.
Many people watch on the sides while the dealer deals out cards and the people place their chips in the middle.
More shots of the game are shown while the camera pans out to a person's face.
Several people are seen running down the road around a bull with some holding sticks in their hands.
The people crowd around the bull waving sticks and follow the bull around as he gets angry.
Another bull is shown and the two fight while the people stand and cheer on the sides.
The man in black shirt is kneeling and reached for his back leg.
The man slightly moved forward.
The man paused forward while he is holding his ankle.
Two people are seen kneeling down before a board and pushing down objects.
Other people watch on the side as the two robots begin to attack one another.
One pushes the other off the side and the men put the robots back to battle several more.
A couple are in the flowing water of a river.
They are sitting next to several buckets.
They scrub clothing against the rocks, trying to clean them.
Players are playing lacrosse outdoors in front of an audience.
A player is laying on the field.
The player hits the ball into the goal.
The audience and teammates celebrate the goal, and teammates pat each other on the shoulder.
A guy removes his helmet.
A person plays bagpipes on the streets as people pass by.
The crowd is shown and someone takes a picture with the woman.
A title screen appears and then several paragraphs begin to roll over the screen.
Next,a man with average sized curly black hair dressed in a suit begins to talk.
When he is finished,a man is shown playing the saxophone at a night time television show and then the man comes back to finish talking.
A man does several back flips on a red mat.
A woman in a black shirt watches him go by and claps.
He stands up and walks away.
A small group of people are seen standing outside with one being blindfolded and holding a bat.
A person then pulls up a pinata and begins swinging at the object.
The boy moves his hands around and continues to swing at the object.
A boy serves a tennis ball.
He then serves two more.
The boy turns and walks away.
We see a lady sitting on a couch talking.
The lady makes faces and claps her hands.
We watch the lady pull rollers our out her braids.
We see her hair up close.
The lady makes a quote sign with her fingers.
A host is seen speaking to the camera and leads into a trainer speaking with others exercising behind her.
More shots of people exercising on bikes are shown and ends with the trainer walking through and talking.
A small sail boat with two men in it is pulling a water skier behind it.
A wind surfer goes by.
A man in the sail boat leans back to pull on the sail in the boat.
Another wind surfer goes by.
A person's car is shown from several angles with a person inside and leads into the car driving with people inside.
The people are then shown in various angles riding up a snowy mountain and going down a hill.
Close ups of the people's faces are shown as they go up and down the hill several times and landing at the bottom of a hill.
A large man is standing on a circular dome in a field.
He holds a steel ball on a rope as he talks.
He then shows how to stand before swinging the ball around his head in circles.
He lets go, and the ball flies far across the field as he walks away.
A woman talks on a cordless phone while sitting on a throne, and while another woman kneels at her feet and wipes them down with her clothes.
A woman in a purple sari kneels at the foot of another woman who is sitting on a gold throne and wearing a gold crown with red feathers in her hair.
The woman on the throne sticks her foot out in front of the kneeling woman and the kneeling woman begins to wipe the woman's feet with her sari.
The woman on the throne takes a phone call on  black cordless phone and begins to talk before the scene finally fades to a blurry image of another woman talking on a phone.
An old man in black shirt and eye glasses is sitting on a green table, in front of him are book, chips with different colors and stack of cards.
He placed the cards on the table, on top of the yellow stars on the table, he arrange the cards in horizontal way.
The image and label of the presenter or stylist is shown.
The presenter styles a female client's hair.
The presenter speaks directly into the camera.
The client spins slowly on a chair to present her hair.
The  stylist wets the client's hair.
The stylist parts the clients hair.
The stylist uses a brush and a blow dryer to add volume, texture and curl to the client's hair.
The stylist sprays the clients hair.
The stylist uses his hand to position the bangs.
The stylist use his hand to add a gel product to the client hair.
The client spins slowly on the chair  to show of her hair style.
The stylist name and credits are shown.
A large group of women are seen standing on a stage hitting drums while another group of men play behind them.
The group continuously plays in front of a large crowd and ends with credits rolling along the screen.
A woman is standing on a field while people are gathered behind her.
Several people run together, chasing each other.
Kids are shown close up at the end.
A man sits down with a guitar.
The man begins playing the guitar.
The man starts singing while playing the guitar.
The man stops playing the guitar and stands up and walks toward the camera.
A man is shooting a bow and arrow.
The dart board that they are shooting at is shown.
People are celebrating and clapping hands.
A person is throwing a disk down a strip of land.
A woman in a brown shirt is holding a red cup.
A boy pushes a ball with a stick.
A man in a black shirt is holding a stick.
A boy in a white shirt smiles at the camera.
People stands on top of a diving board, the a man jumps in the swimming pool.
Suddenly a girl runs on a lower dining board and jumps in the swimming pool.
People sit around the pool.
A person puts a contact lens in his right eye.
Then, the person puts a contact lens in his left eye.
A boy stands at a podium, talking into a microphone.
A group of girls are on stage together.
They start dancing while using hula hoops.
When they finish, one girl gathers the hoops and the crowd claps as the curtain closes.
A man holds an iron that pass on top a painting.
A man snowboard down a hill holding a stick.
Snow flying in the air lands on the face of the man, then the man continue snowboarding.
After, the man arrives to the ski station.
A young girl is doing gymnastics on a blue mat.
She does several back flips on a trampoline.
She does a flip into a pile of foam pieces.
Men are acting silly in a bathroom.
One man shows off his legs to the camera.
Two men are dancing and shaving their legs near the sink.
Another man joins the men near the sink to help with the shaving.
A close up of a flame is shown followed by audience members standing up and athletes standing ready.
Hitler then watches a man jump into a pit as well as several other runners after him.
More athletes continue jumping while the audience gets riled up and ends with soldiers raising flags up to the sky.
There are a lot of people gathered on the street to watch a parade or to be in the parade.
There are 4 young people dressed in military attire carrying a red and white banner in a parade.
They are then followed by a group of dancing girls that are all dressed in the same outfits that are red, white and black, but some are wearing white tops and the others are wearing red tops.
They are then followed by a very large band that are playing different instruments and they are all in sync and one woman is enjoying it so much that she begins to dance while the band plays on.
A woman talks in a gym.
The woman stands on a lane, then she runs to perform a long jump that lands in the sand.
The jump of the woman is repeated several times.
A game of volleyball is being played between blue and yellow team.
The yellow team servies the ball and it is hit continually back and forth until the yellow team scores a point.
A player on the yellow team falls and the players on each team assist her.
They take her shoe and sock off and massage her leg.
Two people proceed to pick her up with the help of a third and take her off the court and lay her down to the side to continue care.
A man is seen standing before a game of hopscotch drawn out and begins jumping down the path while others follow.
The camera continues to follow the man as he jumps down the path and captures several others doing the same as well.
A host speaks to the camera with various musicians sitting behind him and leads into several shots of landscapes.
The same man speaks to the camera and is shown riding on a surf board with several other surfers.
The man is seen once again in the studio and is interviewed by a woman and another man.
A jet ski is parked and a man is riding one.
We see a man's name on the screen and a man behind a boat and a man jet skiing  and flipping around.
Two men on a jet ski shake their hair.
A person name is on the screen and we see a man jet ski.
Another name and another man on the jet ski.
We see the man as he prepares to ski riding behind the boat.
We see the lake and then the closing credits.
bright sun is in the sky and shows a snowy mountain and a lot of pine trees covered in snow.
an snowboarder is walking in the snow holding two poles.
cubicles is hanging on wires and a snowboarder is going down the snowy slope with other snowboarders standing behind.
men are walking in a snowy slope holding the poles and other snowboarders are sliding behind.
women are in a hanging chair and under the kids are going down slope riding snowboards and playing in a snow castle.
people is walking in snowy mountain and snowboarding.
wmoan enters in a cave with a man and are serving wine and a elderly couple are toasting.
a lot of people is waiting and sitting on their bags with the snowboards on a side, people is going down the mountain while the days goes by.
A white wall is shown with pegs poking out and strips of tape hanging down and a girl begins cliff climbing the wall as a man in a blue shirt begins to talk.
The young lady continues progressing up the wall as the man continues to talk in a split screen.
The man lifts his foot up to talk about a certain position and the girl demonstrates it as she begins getting off the plate.
A girl shows how to bake cookies from scratch.
Ingredients are added, stirred, and then the mixture is put in the oven.
A man practice martial arts in a gym turning and spinning around.
Then, the man leans on her hands to spin his body and make turns.
After, the man stands on his hands and tilt his body to the sides and front.
Next, the stands on his hands and rotates his body.
A man is seen kneeling down with a razor and looking up towards the camera.
The man shaves off part of his leg and holds up an object while walking away.
A professional swimmer wipes his eyes before engaging in the competition.
He takes off, swimming as he tries to beat the two competitors on either side of him.
A man with tattoed arms swabs the ear of young lady with an ear swab.
The lady stand up and looks at herself in the mirror.
She lays down on a black medical chair and the man pierces her ear's tragus with medical tools.
The lady looks at herself and her new piercing in the mirror, smiles and gives two thumbs up.
The words "If you want to know anything else about piercing just comment or message me:) New beauty videos along with a makeup collection will be up soon Bveeees<3" appear on screen.
A person slides a heavy ball on the floor while holding a brush on his left hand.
Then, two men brush the floor on front the heavy ball without touching it.
People plays behind the person.
The yellow ball reaches the center of the red circle.
A kite is flying above a beach.
Several people sit on the beach.
The kite soars through the sky.
Several people are in the water.
A man points to some products for the usage of waxing skis.
The man cleans the ski with a towel.
The man grabs one of the products and rubs it all over the ski, letting the product sit there for a while.
After some time has passed, the man grabs another product and rubs it all over the ski.
A woman holding a doll undoes curlers from the dolls hair.
The woman shoes off the dolls hair.
The woman turns the doll around to show off the back of the dolls head.
The woman continues to show off the dolls hair.
woman is standing in front of a counter talking to the camera and showing drinks.
woman grabbs the juice and liquor and and serve it in a cup.
woman is showing in a bar how to prepare a cocktail.
There are two camping out in the winter for an ice fishing trip.
One of the men comes out of his camping tent with a fish in his hand.
The two men are sitting in their make shift tent, fishing through a hole in the frozen lake.
They are patiently sitting with their fishing rods till they fish out mid size fish from the holes.
They show the kind of fish they have found as they lay it out on the frozen ground.
One of the men cleans the fish scales.
Then they cut the fish into small pieces and clean them up outside their garage.
They sharpen the knife to slice the fish to prepare batter covered fried fish.
The entire family sits together on a large dinning table and enjoy a delicious fried fish meal.
This video allows viewers to hear the testimony of a customer who has used the pro roofing service.
First the man tells how he heard about the service and how great it is.
He also says that he chose pro roofing because the neighbors chose it and persuaded him by telling how great the service is.
A man holds a weigh on his back, then he kneels on the floor.
After, he jumps from the floor to stand while the weigh is on his back.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and begins holding up knives.
He pans all around his tools and shows off a kit.
He then leads into sharpening a knife with various boards and sticks while still speaking to the camera.
An older woman is seen sitting in a chair with a needle in her hands.
The woman then begins sowing while the camera captures her movements.
The woman continues sowing and the camera watches from the side.
A man is seen standing next to a fence while the camera pans around the lake nearby.
The man bends down and begins painting the fence while the camera focuses on a person walking down.
Another man walks up with a bucket and helps the man paint while the cameraman continues to look around.
A girl wearing a bikini on the beach is shown doing several sits up on a ball and fixing her hair.
She continues performing the exercise while smiling at the camera.
A large group of people are seen sitting on a beach with several putting sunscreen all over their bodies.
Shots of scientists are shown making the sun screen while interacting with one another and speaking to the camera.
Finally a man is seen packing up a fish in a shop.
A man uses a tool to even plaster on a wall.
The man works on the wall below the visible frame of the camera.
The man rises up in front of the camera and walks past it.
woman is standing in middle of stage talking to the camera and showing in slow motion dance moves.
woman is making the movements quickly and showing the position of the hands.
woman is showing salsa movements in a room.
A person is mixing drinks behind a bar.
A person is playing a game of shuffleboard.
Words are shown on the screen.
Several black and white photos are being shown of people who played drums.
A group of drum players gather, playing in a room.
Their playing is interspersed with images of sheet music, then returns to their performance.
A man is seen wearing a helmet and kneeling down in a large room.
Uses a torch on an object while another person walks into frame.
In the end he zooms in on the object he torched.
A young woman on a white horse is shown riding through the field.
The lady is then shown exercising on a blue mat doing several yoga stretches.
After,she is pictured in her home talking while sitting on the couch.
Finally,the screen returns and she is shown in horseback riding in the field going through the stable.
A person holds and pet a hairless cat.
The person cleans and cuts the nails of the front legs of the cat.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while holding a ski and pointing around it in various locations.
The man continues speaking while rubbing down the ski with lotion and ending by presenting it to the screen.
A kid is playing hopscotch on the ground.
They go back and forth on the hopscotch board.
They bend down to pick something up.
A man dips a rag into a black container.
He begins wiping a shoe with the rag.
He picks up a brush and begins using that to brush the shoe.
A text intro leads into a picture of a dog and the same dog running along the yard.
The dog is seen in several clips chasing after a frisbee.
A man throws the frisbee to the dog in the yard who continues chasing after him.
A blonde woman wearing a dress has two, side by side shots of her playing a violin.
She plays two different melodies on the violin and finishes together at the same time, smiling at the camera.
A person is seen in various shots riding around in a canoe and smiling off into the distance.
Another person is seen sitting in a canoe and demonstrates how to properly turn around.
The man continues moving along the water moving his paddle around while the camera captures his movements.
A person is seen sitting along the water in a kayak holding a paddle.
The person then begins moving along the water in the kayak.
The person continues paddling and is then pulled back by a rope and his arms up cheering.
A group of girls look up at an amusement park ride and wave there hands in fear and anticipation.
The girls put on safety harnesses.
The group climb up the stairs to the top of the platform.
A girl stands on top of the platform with a rope and harness and prepares to jump.
A pop band is seen singing a song and dancing.
The girl jumps from the platform and bounces on the bungee cord in the air.
The girl is met by the group members who congratulate her for the jump.
One man is seen moving a fooseball table around quickly as possible while another man watches on the side.
The men then play a game against one another while one continues to move the poles quickly.
A young child is seen sitting in a chair in front of a table with a large body.
The hands are then seen writing a note and rubbing against the face while the child laughs and the hands continue moving.
A sandwich is sitting on a counter.
There are many vegetables around the sandwich.
A person puts cucumbers on top of the sandwich.
A man is indoors, quickly placing wood tiles onto a floor as the camera plays extremely fast.
He uses a leveler and cutter and completes the room with grout before walking out.
A young baby is outside in murky water holding on to a white bar.
Two men push him and he is shown riding a water vehicle being pulled by some type of thing.
As he moves,a woman is on the side of him following him and stopping him along the way making sure he is okay.
woman is walking wearing a bikini and eating a chocolate is snowy day.
people are in sidewalk watching the girl walks.
woman is in a restaurant wearing a bikini and two aiter are watching her.
woman walks in a airport eating a restaurant.
Various pictures show people bring canoes off a truck and loading them into the water.
The people are then seen fishing as well as riding down the river shown in several pictures.
Several shots of a city are shown as well as people walking around and speaking to one another.
People are then seen paving along walls as well as handing out pamphlets and speaking to one another.
The people touch the materials on the walls and ends by speaking to the camera.
A man is hanging wallpaper on a wall.
He peels the sticky side from the backing paper.
He is now applying the sticky side of the paper to the wall.
He repeats this several more times on different parts of the wall.
A group of men are talking in a room.
Several fighting scenes are shown from a martial arts movie.
They move quickly, pretending to fight for the camera.
Various clip are shown of ingredients being laid out in bowls followed by a person mixing them all together.
The person rolls them into balls and sets them on a plate, finally sticking them into the oven.
She then pulls out the made cookies and gives the camera a thumbs up.
Several scuba divers are seen swimming around the ocean while sharks move around them underneath.
The camera continuously follows the sharks around the water and the scuba divers interact with one another while they move.
A boy runs into the shot and kicks a soccer ball.
The ball lobs toward a crowd in a park.
Few other boys try to catch the moving ball.
One boy eventually kicks the ball back toward the camera.
A girl comes in from the sidelines and kicks the ball back toward the crowd of boys and the kids continue this cycle of kicking.
Three athletes of different countries compete weightlifting on front the jury, during the first round, all the athletes lift the weight successfully.
In the second round, the athlete with blue uniform rise successfully and kiss the bar of the weight, also the other athletes are successful.
On the third round, the Indian athlete let fall the weight.
The athlete with red uniform  is congratulated, then stand on the first place of the podium and talks.
A band wearing Scottish kilts plays bagpipes and other instruments in the front University auditorium.
The crowd looks around and anticipates the event.
The school sign is seen hanging above the podium.
A woman is standing behind a table.
She opens a white bin and pours water and soap into it.
She then closes it and turns the top.
She hangs the clothes from a wood rack to dry.
A woman stands by watching a chef removing leaves from a piece of lettuce.
The chef shows the woman how to cut some parts of the lettuce.
The chef and the woman have a long conversation regarding the lettuce.
A woman is seen laying on the couch with another girl sitting above her.
The girl is then shown piercing the nipple of the girl laying down.
She finishes the piercing and ends by smiling to the camera.
A person flips and throw to the air a hula ring, then the woman pass the hula ring through her body.
After, the woman pass the hula ring around her waist fast.
Then, the woman does an exercise with her feet and body.
A little boy in a yellow shirt is holding a yellow ruffled stick.
He tries to hit the Batman pinata hanging, he missed then he hit him, he go around the pinata to hit it.
We see an opening screen with a black background.
We see a lot of people moving snow with shovel, brooms, pots, and bowls.
A man is shoveling with a dist pan followed by ladies with a hoe and plate.
A man throws snow on a lady.
A man throws snow on people.
A person is stuck in the snow is buried by others.
A lady talks to the camera and it goes black and white.
People are mainge snow angels.
We see the closing credits of the video.
A man is stirring a pot on a stove.
A plate is brought over to the stove.
He dishes out what was in the pan onto the plate.
A young man in a black shirt hits a small ball against the wall.
A man in a red shirt hands the ball to him with his racket.
The young man hits the ball against the wall again.
A group of men walk around trying to hit the ball.
The young man in the black shirt hands the ball to the man in the red shirt.
The man in the red shirt hits the ball against the wall.
The group of men run around the court, swinging their rackets and trying to catch the ball.
A large group of people are seen riding in bumper cars and bumping into one another.
The people continue crashing into one another while laughing and beginning to get out of the car.
A man is standing in a room talking.
He is showing a shuffleboard.
He walks to the end of the shuffleboard and another man is on the other side.
He begins playing by throwing one down the board.
A woman and dog are seen standing in a large field performing tricks with a frisbee.
The woman and dog are shown in several more clips playing with the frisbee and performing tricks.
The dog jumps up and down as well as chases after the frisbee while the woman watches on the side.
A time lapse video is shown of people walking around a house.
Later, they begin to put up a Christmas tree with two people involved in the process.
They put lights on the tree and light them up.
Next, they begin to put several different ornaments on the tree.
Lastly, they put the skirt under the tree and end the video with a kiss.
A camera pans all around a forest and leads into a rope tied to a tree.
A person is seen tightening the rope followed by walking along the rope.
Several people are seen walking on the rope as well as bouncing and performing tricks.
A woman is seen standing beside a girl sitting down brushing her hair.
A boy watches on the side as the woman continues to brush the hair.
The woman speaks to the girl while running the brush all over her hair.
Two men are on a platform, fencing.
They jab at each other with their swords.
A woman watches as they parlay back and forth.
A person is covering her legs with soap  while she is standing on the bathtub.
Then, the person takes a blade to shave her legs while washing the blade under the faucet.
After, the person, takes off the underwear and put it on the bathtub.
A young male dressed in an red jumpsuit is on the stage break dancing.
Once he is finished,a group of guys swarm him and they all point to another boy so he can take the stage.
The boy comes along and starts flipping and doing a variation of the robot.
All of the men behind him then become his background dancers as the boy takes a microphone and begins singing.
A woman on screen talks about lemonade.
She juices her lemons on a cutting board, with a knife and bowl.
She strains her juice into a bigger cup.
At an oven, she prepares simple sugar with water and sugar.
She mixes all of her ingredients in a pitcher to make lemonade.
She shows other lemonade recipes.
A small group of men are seen standing around a room holding tennis rackets.
The men then begin playing tennis with one another while hitting the ball around.
The men continue to hit the ball around the room and ends with several walking out.
A man is seen speaking to the camera in front of a car and begins taking a hubcap off.
He slides the pieces off of the tire.
Finally he puts the hubcap back in place.
A horse is seen off in the distance followed by a man speaking to the camera in front of a large group of horses.
Various people are then seen riding around on horses through different landscapes and being led by people.
The men continue to lead people around on the horses through a large body of water.
A bull runs around a pen and tries to hit the clown with their horns.
A guy jumps over a fence to get away from the bull.
A clown is hiding behind a red barrel.
The man falls onto the ground being chased by the bull.
A man is standing on ice holding a fishing pole in his right hand and there's a very small hole in the ice in front of him and he drops his hook into the hole and tugs on his pole.
The man then pulls on the fishing wire a few times and stands there holding his fishing pole, moving it, and winding it from time to time.
The end of the pole begins to bend and the man starts pulling the pole and winding it up and he pulls a fish out of the hole and it lands onto the ice.
The man grabs the fish from the ice and puts it right back into the hole he just pulled it out from while it's still attached to the hook and his wire.
The man then begins to pull on the fishing wire, pulls his pole up and and down a few times, and then adjusts the camera.
A man in black pants is standing on a roof and nailing a long shingle onto the roof.
A man in blue shorts appears on the right and is also nailing long shingles on the roof.
The zoom goes in on the an wearing long black pants and he's nailing shingles onto the outside perimeter of the roof.
A woman gets her nose clamped by a man sitting behind her head.
He pierces through her septum.
He cuts it and removes the clamp.
The man puts an earring through the hole.
He puts qtips in her nose to catch the blood.
A man is seen assembling a tire on a lift and taking the rubber off using a machine.
He then puts the rubber back on using the machine and ends by moving back from the tire.
This girl is shown zooming in on people's teeth, eyes and other things on their face.
Then she shows us the game of dodge ball is going.
People are seen walking around a snowy area carrying boards in their hands and riding along the trail.
The people ride down the snowy mountain continuously while looking back to the camera.
The people continue to ride around while zooming in on their feet.
A group of men are seen walking around a table filled with cups while laughing and smiling to one another.
One man then jumps on the table and crashes it to the floor while others run around and laugh.
A woman bartender is standing behind a bar.
An empty glass is in front of her as she talks.
She adds ice to the glass with a scoop.
She adds three different liquids from three bottles to the glass.
She stirs and continues to talk about the drink.
A man is seen cleaning up a bathroom when a walks into frame and leads into a news article.
A picture of a sign is shown followed by a person washing their hands as well as clips from tv shows.
More shots are articles are shown and ends with people walking in a subway.
The leads into a man playing a long guitar in front of a home while moving his fingers up and down.
The man continues playing and the video leads out to text above his head.
Several people are talking into microphones on the stage.
One of the men starts playing a violin.
He gives the violin to another man who plays it.
The audience starts clapping for them.
A "Finale Coppa Italia" beach soccer title screen appears featuring Sambenedettese and Catania.
Men play professional soccer on a beach near the water.
Players on the field celebrate a victory and pose for a photo.
This elderly man is blowing the leaves out of the way using a leaf blower.
First the camera is giving viewers a close up view only showing the man's face.
Then the camera zooms out and shows the man blowing the leaves using a machine and when he's done half doing his job, he turns the leaf blower off.
A woman plays a game of beer pong with a short man dressed as a leprechaun.
A DJ plays spins a pair of turntables on stage for the crowd.
The woman scores a shot and celebrates.
The two players hug each other and raise the woman's arm in victory.
A close up of homes are shown with a person walking with a dog and then speaking to the camera.
The man continues speaking as he leads the dog around the neighborhood.
A man demonstrates how to install some grips onto bicycle handles.
First he installs some rings onto the grips themselves.
Next he screws on some screws to have them ready.
He then slides on the grips onto the handles of the bike.
He completes the tightening of the grips with an Alan wrench.
Last he inserts plugs into the end of the grips and the handle bars.
A violinist is playing the violin in a music room.
She adjusts the violin under her chin as she reads the music.
At the end of her song she removes the violin and smiles.
A child is hitting a ball over a net in a gym.
A man stands on the other side, lobbing the ball back to him.
They continue hitting the ball back and forth.
People are playing indoor soccer in an arena.
People are sitting in the stands watching.
Words come up on the screen.
A small group of people are seen taking a spin class together that leads into a man speaking to the camera.
Shots of the gym are shown that lead into another cycling class with the man leading the group and still speaking to the camera.
There is a man kneeling down on a red yoga mat.
The coach standing next to him make sure he is going up and down while he's kneeling and he holds his back to feel the muscle movement.
A small group of people are seen sitting around a table speaking to one another while using a hookah and vapor pen at the same time.
The men continue smoking and looking into the camera when one starts showing off his body and panning around the room.
Women are holding a ball and spinning around before throwing it onto the field.
A man in a red shirt is holding a broom.
People are watching them throw the balls.
litle kids are standing in front of a ouse talking to the camera and making lemonade.
the kid opens a pot and grab sugar and poured into a cup of water, lemon juice and mix it with a spoon.
Several people lay in tubes in the snow.
More people are standing around them.
Eventually some of them go down the hill.
They reach the bottom of the hill.
A person picks up a paint brush and can of varnish on an outside lawn.
The person paints a coat various boards leaning up against an exterior wall of home.
An athlete is seen waving his hands to the crowd and clapping followed by him running over a beam.
His same shot is shown again in slow motion and hes seen speaking to a man.
The video begins with a close up of two young boys.
A title slide is then shown, and then shows several ingredients used in a recipe for cookies.
The video then shows the two boys mixing ingredients together.
They roll the dough into balls and place them into an oven.
The boys take the cookies out of the oven and begin eating them.
We see green writing on a black title screen.
A lady in a lacy black and white bra sits in a black room under bright spot lights smoking a cigarette.
The lady pushes her hair back.
The lady adjusts her position in the chair and looks down.
We then see the ending title screen.
A kid fills a pot with water.
He puts the pot on a stove and puts a lid on it.
He adds salt and pasta to the pot.
He puts the lid back on the pot.
He stirs the pot and pours the pasta into a strainer.
He pours the pasta back into the pan.
He adds sauce and stirs it together.
a man and a woman are talking in front of the camera.
players are in a court playing hockey.
a man and a woman are being interviewed.
A woman is seen looking into the camera while brushing her hair and leads into her putting her hair into a ponytail.
The girl then braids more hair into her and ends by waving to the camera.
A person is skiing down a hill of snow.
They pass a group of people snowboarding.
They get to the bottom of the hill and stop in front of a small building.
There are 3 men and 1 woman.
Each of them show and tell you their way of bowling to earn strikes and get perfect scores on the high scoreboard.
A man in a red shirt speaks and demonstrates how to throw darts against a dart board while three other people in red shirts watch behind him.
A man in a red shirt faces the camera and begins to talk while holding darts in his hand and while three men behind him watch.
The man turns away from the camera, standing at a profile view and facing a dartboard attached to  a wall, he starts aiming at the dartboard with the darts in his hand.
The man then throws three darts against the dartboard, two of which stick to the board, the man goes to retrieve a dart from the board and gestures with his fist and a smile.
A man sings a song with someone plays an accordion in a restaurant.
The man playing accordion breaks his instrument in half.
The people are startled but continue on singing the song.
A gymnast is seen standing ready before a beam and then jumping on to perform a routine.
The girl then performs several flips and tricks on the beam, ending with her jumping off the side with her legs together and holding her arms up.
The video opens with the host using purple nail tape to create a pattern, slowly applying and making sure it is straight.
Next a matte coat is applied over the nail and tape.
The tape is gently peeled off the nail, and a top coat is applied to the intersection of lines.
Next, a micro bead is placed where the lines meet.
The next nail project features a white painted nail and host makes two black C's to mimic the Chanel logo.
Gradually the logo is made bolder with more application.
Finally a matte top coat is applied to finish it off.
A girl in a white dress is hitting a pinata with a bat.
A man is standing behind her watching.
Two girls are standing by the house watching.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera and begins unboxing an item.
She pulls out the panels as well as putting sunglasses on and presents a pan of objects to the camera.
She continues speaking to the camera and pulls the objects out to present baked cookies.
The cookies are seen again on a tray and she breaks them open to see.
A man sits and plays a black grand piano in an empty auditorium.
We see three people in the front row watching and listening to the man as he plays and one person one row behind them.
We see the three people, two women and one men.
The player stands and plays.
The player finishes and stands up.
A little boy picks up a bowling ball.
He sets it on a rail and pushes it down a lane.
A woman with a baby strapped to her chest bowls a ball down a lane.
A young man sits down on a chair in front of a drum set.
He begins playing the drums, which are located inside of a living room.
