A plane fly above the beach where people sail.
A woman takes picture of the city from a hill.
Snowflakes are shown falling down the screen before we see a christmas tree.
A woman is talking before she starts preparing and decorating the tree.
She applies a plethora of ornaments and lights, and the tree is shown several different states of decoration.
Two girls are seen moving quickly around the room while switching places and looking into a camera.
The younger girl laughs to the camera while putting on makeup and the other moves around quick.
Four kids are outside in the beach playing in the sand,two boys on the left and two girls on the right.
The girls have about six sand castles and a large circle surrounding it filled with water.
They then take off running to the beach to grab more water as the boy comes and looks at their work.
Once they are done,both of the girls take off running to the water but then stop midway to come back and get their floats.
A person stands on a mat.
They run down a runway holding a pole and vault over a bar.
They land on their back on a mat.
A small group of people are seen riding in a raft down a rough river.
The people use paddles to move themselves along the water and under tunnels.
The group continue riding down the river and end with text across the screen.
A gymnast in a pink outfit stretches before starting routine.
She jumps on the balance beam and balances herself.
She begins her balance beam routine.
She does several flips and somersaults.
She is getting ready to dismount.
She flips several times in the air during her dismount and lands perfectly.
A garden is shown from the outside of a house.
The camera turns to take in various plants and flowers.
We then get a good look at the grass.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while holding a wire in his hands.
He continues to speak while using his hands and stepping around a carpeted area.
He then uses a vacuum on the floors while still speaking to the camera.
A man runs down a track outside.
He is holding a long javelin.
He pole vaults over a bar.
He does the same thing again indoors.
A small group of people are seen on a stage getting their instruments ready.
A woman begins playing the drums while another plays piano and the others watch.
The two continue to play their instruments and others on the side watch.
A close up of a girl's hair is shown followed by a person braiding her hair.
The person continues braiding the hair and the camera pans away from her face.
A young girl is seen sitting in a chair with a person standing next to her.
The person next to her then piercing one ear followed by the other.
The person rubs lotion on the piercings afterwards.
kid is sanding in a room talking to the camera.
anoher man appears on the room and is practicing a head lock.
man throw the the kid in the bed and stands.
Two boys are standing in a living room next to a tree and begin taking ornaments out of two plastic bins and decorating the tree.
As the boys continue,the outside of the house is shown as rain comes thundering down.
After,the boys receive help from a male and puts the tree topper on.
Once that is finished,the young boys hug and kiss each other and the finish product of the tree is shown.
Many people are gathered at the finish line of a marathon, waiting for the runners to come in.
Many runners start trickling in and slowing down stopping once they get to that point.
There are many runners and some people on the sides but the stands are completely empty on that side.
More and more men keep running in little by little.
People in uniforms of various characters are shown running around a green field.
Then, a lacrosse game begins and they compete against one another.
The large yellow character attempts to get a goal but isn't successful and he falls to his knee in disappointment.
A man kicks a soccer ball, then he plays with other young men in the street, the man scores.
Then, they continue playing and the young man scores, as well the man scores.
Teams are playing indoor soccer and the man wearing a yellow t-shirt scores playing with several teams.
The man dispute the ball with other player and kick it to a playmate, the man continues playing an scoring for his team.
We see two roof images side by side.
We then see images of one roof.
We see the roof up close and see moss growing on it.
we see the insulation and the roof as it is being installed.
A man is screwing the roof into place.
We see the finished new roof.
We see the ending screen credits.
A group of people are on a lift way above the mountains.
A person climbs onto it, looking down.
They bungee jump, hanging and swinging above the ground.
A chef explains how to cook an omelette with vegetables and spices, Then, the chef take a dish and serves the omelette with  lettuce and lemon.
A man and a woman pass behind the chef in the restaurant.
Another man sit in a table, stand and walk away.
Another person enters the restaurant and turns left.
A man rides a bicycle behind three men who are running in a professional race on a paved freeway lined with onlookers, spectators and participants.
A man is riding a bicycle down a freeway wearing a helmet and sporting a paper tag on the front of the bicycle.
Three men are running in front of the man on the bicycle with one of the men juggling three balls while running and one drinking water and waiving at the crowd.
The men turn a bend while jogging and an onlooker starts clapping for them from behind.
A water polo game is shown, with one player highlighted.
A man dressed in white walks back and forth by the poolside in the background.
A man dressed in white is shown standing in the foreground and gesturing.
A man is seen sitting on the sidelines followed by a large group of people playing lacrosse.
The players continue to move up and down the field past one another and many watching on the sides.
The group continue to play and end by scoring a goal and the ref reacting.
The credits of the clip are shown.
Men use ladders to get on the roof to work.
The men put a tarp around the house.
The men are removing the roof pieces and throwing down onto the tarp.
The credits of the video are shown.
A man is sitting down playing a saxophone.
He stops playing the saxophone and talks.
He stands up and continues playing the saxophone.
We see a basketball title screen.
A man is coaching as a teen makes basketball shots.
The man takes the ball and demonstrates a hip move the the boy tries.
The man demonstrates something and the boy shoots the ball.
We see the tips on the screen 1 by one.
We then see the ending title screen.
We see people jogging on a city street.
We zoom in on a shirtless man juggling.
We pan backwards towards the other runners.
Several people are outdoors enjoying the beach.
In the middle of the sand however,there are a group of men playing a game of beach volley ball.
After several hits,one man decides to kick the ball over the net and another man takes off running from the other side and tackles him in the dirt.
A small child is seen sitting on a coach opening a present.
The camera pans all around her while she opens the present and smiles to the camera.
She continues to try to open the box while looking and smiling.
A person shows a piece of furniture.
Then, the person covers a wood box with carpet and cuts the leftovers.
Then, the person fold the carpet on the borders and cut the parts not needed.
People are standing around a camp site chopping wood.
A boy stands holding a stick.
A man throws pieces of wood into a pile.
Chairs at the camp site are shown.
A man walks towards the camera talking.
They continue chopping wood at the camp site.
We see men playing a game of soccer and scoring repeatedly indoors.
We see a goalie jumping around and a man shoot and score.
We see a happy young man fanning his shirt.
The credits of a clip are shown.
A person is water boarding on a body of water.
People ride a boat and interact.
A lady hula hoops to music.
A male leaps from the rocks into the waters.
People are on the shore and some are on the boat.
A man jumps of a boat with his waterboard.
A guy uses a hula hoop as a jump rope.
Women dance to music in a social function.
The individual is in the body of water.
Two adults run in a wooden, hollow cylinder.
An individual back flips off a boat.
A female stands on waterboard that is on grass.
People jump off an inflated boat.
The credits of a video are shown with clips.
A girl is standing in her bathroom making giggly faces while holding a cup.
She finally takes whatever is in the cub and begins to gags as she spits it into the sink.
After her mouth is empty,she shows off a bottle of Crest mouthwash.
A person plays tam-tam inside a room, the man mainly plays on the tam- tam on front hum.
A hand pass on front the screen.
The person extend her arm over the tam-tam.
A man and an woman sip a blue liquid and rinse his mouth.
Then, the woman bend and throw the liquid while the man continues rinsing his mouth.
A referee wearing a white shirt in a boxing match starts a boxing match.
Two girl boxers approach each other and start kick boxing.
The taller boxer approaches the shorter boxer and hits the shorter boxer with a straight kick.
Both boxers exchange punches and kicks in the center of the ring.
The referee manages the fight while following and watching the fighters  closely.
Two girls are seen speaking to the camera with one giving a thumbs up.
The girls then play a game of hop scotch with each other and high giving one another in the end.
We see  a girl with purple hair talking to the camera.
We see the girl looking down at the camera.
We see the girl pretend to brush and spray her hair.
She holds 2 bottle to the camera.
The girl brushes her hair and puts it in a ponytail.
The girl adds products to her hair.
The girl points at the camera.
The girl gives the camera a thumbs up.
Two men skateboarding at an indoor skate park along side each other.
They stop and give other pointers, trying to perfect how to jump on the rail.
One of them tries again and again and the other gets a stick out of his bag and extends it towards the rail.
Then, another male comes and joins in, they play rock paper scissors and get back on board.
A group of runners walk down a dirt path.
They begin running, being passed by cars as they go.
They continue running through the town together.
We see a store, maps, and people on a bus.
We see people at the beach.
We see people in the lake and in rafts.
We see a dog on the raft.
We see a person paddling a raft.
We see a dog swimming in the river.
We see the ending screen in blue.
Cheerleaders with their hands in do a cheer.
They go on the floor and stand still.
They perform a cheer leading routine.
Four girls are lifted and hold their legs.
Two girls are lifted in the air and two girls are flipped then two girls lift the two girls.
Four girls are lifted and hold two other girls up and a third is added.
Two girls in the front held up a red sign.
Three girls are lifted and they each hold another girl on their shoulders.
A small group of children are seen running around an indoor field kicking a soccer ball.
The kids move up and down in between poles while still kicking the ball.
The kids are then shown kicking balls into a goal one after the other.
Some people are floating on the ocean on a yellow raft.
They float by large rocks and cliffs.
A person is seen running onto a court and shooting a basketball.
The man is shown in several clips running down and scoring a basket.
The man continues to shoot hoops over and over again.
A man scrapes snow off of the side of a car.
He then scrapes snow off the hood.
He then moves to the other side to remove more snow.
Finally he finishes clearing the car.
Two men laugh and bow there heads watching work get done.
The person paints their friends nails.
The man removes his friends hand and continues working.
A kid takes a drink and swishes it around in their mouth.
They spit it out into a sink.
They take another drink out of a cup.
They put their mouth on a towel.
They take another drink and dump it out in the sink.
They pick up the towel and wipe their face.
They grab a cup and turn the sink on.
The coach is coaching his team.
The guy in the black in the back walks off.
The coach is then speaking to the parents.
two new guys arrive in the back.
The coach is on the field with the teams.
the yellow bus drives past.
the red team is listening to the coach.
The kids are playing the game.
The kids are listening to the coach.
The game is on again.
A white bus drives past.
A man and woman are on a stage together.
They quickly play drums before a crowd.
An older man is then seen also playing drums.
Three men are sitting on a couch with the man in the middle smiling, the man on the right playing a harmonica and the man on the far left holding his finger to his upper lip area and making a noise with his bottom lip by plucking it with his hand.
The man on the right taps his foot as the two men play music.
The camera pans to an onlooker standing on the side of the room watching and smiling.
The two men stop playing and the man in the middle shrugs as the other two men smile.
A young man is seen sitting before an instrument with another sitting on a drum set.
The man moves sticks around while looking off into the distance and begins to play.
Another boy walks in and out of frame and begins singing into a microphone.
Two men wearing blue are inside playing a game of ping ping.
They are hitting the ball back and forth pretty quickly  without stopping.
One of them hits the ball up and stops their progress, they have to start again.
they get back to playing and hitting it barely missing a beat.
Several clips are shown of people playing soccer in front of a large stadium.
The people kick a ball all around the area as well as throw their hands up.
More shots are shown of people playing against one another on different fields and celebrating.
A unicorn pinata sways in the wind from a line.
A woman swings wildly at it with a bat, as she is blindfolded.
Various shots of windersurfers are shown on a large body of water with several people swimming off in the distance.
The wake boarders ride back and fourth past each other and perform several tricks.
The ride close to shore doing tricks one at a time.
A lady stands at the end of a hopscotch court.
The lady then jumps across the hopscotch court towards the right.
The lady then hops back where she started.
A young girl is seen speaking to the camera standing before a game of hop scotch drawn out.
The girl then throws a rock and  hops to end while grabbing it and hopping back.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and working on a bike followed by him pulling chains and spinning wheels on the bike.
He peddles the bike and shows the tire spinning again, ending with him tightening the tire and spinning it once more.
man is standing in street holding a board and skateboarding through the street.
man is walking in a yard and doing jumps and talking to a microphone.
A girl wearing a black blouse describes how to bake in a kitchen.
The baker pours flour into a clear bowl using a measuring cup.
The baker then scoops out four level tablespoons from a yellow container of cornstarch and ads it to the bowl of flour.
The baker pours the flour and cornstarch mixture into a sifter and begins sifting the ingredients three times.
A group of shirtless men are seen standing around the outside of a home when one grabs various tools and hands more to another.
The men then hit a ball all around the yard through stands sticking out and speak to one another while drinking water.
The men hit the ball a few more times and continue to speak to one another.
A few people are seen standing around various fooseball tables playing games with one another.
The people continue to push the ball around back and fourth while the camera focuses on one game.
The people keep track of their scores and others watch them in the distance.
The video leads into several shots of surfers moving along the water and riding waves past other people.
Several shots are shown on how to properly surf and is followed by more shots shown in slow motion.
A man is skateboarding down a city street.
He is seen talking to the camera in the middle of the road.
Then we see him doing several different stunts as he winds in and out of traffic.
A young woman gets in position to perform with a baton.
She performs a gymnastics and twirling routine.
She does cartwheels as part of her routine.
She drops the baton, but picks it back up and continues with the routine.
She loses her balance but is able to recover.
People are long boarding down a hill.
A silver truck is parked next to the hill.
A person falls off the long board onto the pavement.
A woman wearing a shawl stands in front of a tropical plant outdoors.
A woman presents a band on stage for a performance.
A flute player plays a part of a song during the performance.
The band plays a song together during the performance.
The man in brown shirt is talking to the camera.
The man placed a tool on the carpet with long pole.
The man used the stretcher to flatten the carpet on the floor.
We see a Santa clause underwater in the ocean.
We see white and yellow fish swimming around the man.
We sit above the man seeing his bubbles.
The man swims under a rock arch.
A man is standing outside in the dark smoking a cigarette in front of a green garage.
After,an image of a lung is shown and shows how cigarettes affect your organs.
Two people are seen standing in a large gymnasium speaking to one another and leads into them performing a jump roping routine.
The woman continue jumping all along the gym together and end by holding the ropes against their feet.
A lady dances and speaks indoors.
The lady mixes all the ingredients and bakes colorful layers for a cake.
The lady added a lot of colorful embellishment to the layered cake.
The lady goes outside to a rabbit cage.
A man is sitting behind two congas with one shoulder rolled up.
After he finishes talking,he begins hitting the conga.
After several hits,he adds in the other conga and starts to hit the other conga.
We see an opening title screen.
We see a lady washing clothes by hand outdoors.
The lady pours water on the clothes from a bowl.
The lady pushes her hair back.
The lady pours more water on the clothes.
We see the closing title screen.
A large wheel is spinning nonstop on a stand.
We get a close up of the truing stand, and the spokes.
The bike wheel is then adjusted and fixed.
A man is sitting in a room with two congas in between his legs.
One of them is slightly smaller than the other and he tends to play that one and only hitting the larger every couple of beats.
His whole face appears in the frame and you can see him bobbing his head and focusing more on his sound.
Several people are watching a man in a white hat on a tennis court.
The man in the white hat is holding his hand up.
The ball is served and it goes outside the court.
The ball is thrown to the man in the white hat.
The man in the white hat prepares to serve the ball.
A woman is belly dancing on a stage.
There is a close up of her belly.
She slows her dance down and turns circles.
A person is seen riding along a bike trail while a person wearing a camera following from behind.
More clips are shown of people riding bikes along the trail while the camera captures it from several angles.
A man in a white shirt and hat is sitting down.
He is playing two drums in front of him.
He stops playing them and sits up straight.
An athlete walks up to a beam.
He mounts quickly, spinning and turning around it and jumping between the two bars several times.
He finally dismounts, throwing his arms into the air before walking away.
People are playing dodge ball in a gym.
They start throwing the balls at each other.
A man is seen sitting in a bumper car holding a thumbs up and then begins driving around.
The people continue driving around bumping into one another and ends with them standing up.
A man is placing tiles on the floor.
A woman appears, removing tiles from a box and talking about them.
The woman kneels onto the ground, cutting and applying tiles.
A man rolls a pressure roller over the finished floor before the woman returns, speaking about the finished product.
A group of skaters are going quickly around an outdoor track.
A man who curls in a wheelchair speaks to the camera.
A man is shown with a puck, performing.
Several people alternate playing with talking to the camera.
A man is seated with an electric guitar.
He is speaking to the camera, then he starts playing.
Another man plays the chords on a table.
There is a very tall and steep slide running through some trees in a large open ground.
There is a rubber surface running lengthwise at the bottom end of the slide to protect people from getting hurt as they land down.
A young boy wearing black shorts and a shirt comes sliding down in full force.
He lands far from the slide as he tumbles down and off of the slide.
A baby is swimming in a pool on its back.
The baby is kicking its feet in the water.
Someone's hand is holding that baby in the water.
A hand is holding a shower head close to a dog.
The dog moves around the bathtub as he tries to bite the water being splashed on him.
An Asian woman is standing while holding a card that has gold BYN letters on the back of it.
A clip begins to play and it shows various men in a large field playing croquet while spectators look on.
A young man is then presented with a large silver cup that is handed to him by an older man.
A man named Andrei approaches the stage.
He powders his hands in preperation.
He puts his hands on the weight.
He prepares his body for lifting the heavy weight.
He pulls up but drops the weight and falls down.
The other competitor rejoices at their win.
A teen sits in a chair talking.
The boy stands and we see him bouncing on a slackline in various locations.
There is a second boy on a different line who walks away.
The boy almost falls and steadys himself.
The boy gets off and walks away.
The boy walks to the camera and gestures with his hands.
a lot of desserts are in a sliding belt in a counter.
a sunset in a beach and in a lake is shown.
people is doing kayaking in a lake going though the lake with big gren vegetation.
There's a person wakeboarding in a lake.
He is being pulled by a red rope that is fastened to a steamboat.
He is going at a steady speed behind the steamboat.
Two men are seen leading over the hood of the car while grabbing onto each other's hands.
They then begin a game of arm wrestling and ends with one man winning and both looking at the camera and one holding his wrist.
A teen is balancing on the higher uneven bar.
Then, the teen flips and a man helps her to pass to the lower uneven bar.
Two A girl exercise on the uneven bars behind the teen.
A man riding a horse and swinging a rope around is seen chasing after a calf and eventually grabbing the animal with his rope.
He holds the calf down and another man comes out to help the man tie up the calf.
He then grabs his rope and rides out of the arena on his horse.
A man in a green shirt is waving a red towel.
A brown bull knocks a person to the ground.
People are standing on the sides watching.
Two people are seen riding down a road with a dog.
One person is riding a bike and the other a skateboard while the camera follows close behind.
Several other dogs run by and the people continue riding down the road path.
A girl pours liquid from a bottle to a cup that holds a young lady, then they rinse their mouths while making gestures and laughing.
After, the young lady spits the liquid and then she pock the cheek of the girl who spits.
Next, the girl turns on the faucet of the bathtub and bend, after the girl turns off the faucet and clean her hands while speaking.
A close up of a wall is shown followed by several clips of men opening a window.
They're also seen working on a roof and putting tiles down on the side.
They put in a window and end by closing up.
We see an opening title screen.
A man is spraying a sink with a pressure washer.
The man sprays a toilet and then sprays the sink again.
We see a title screen the man shows the machine and turns a dial and washer the floor, sink and toilet and mirror.
The man uses a squeegee on the mirror.
The man adjusts the machine and hooks up a hose and uses air to blow dry the sink and mops the floor.
We see a man with a ball he is preparing to throw shotput.
The man lifts his arm.
The man spins and throws the ball.
We see men in the distance measure.
We see the thrower grab his jacket and walk away.
A female gymnast is demonstrating a gymnastics performance on bars.
Other gymnasts and an instructor are watching the female gymnast perform.
Another female gymnast is practicing in the background.
A woman folds towels on an ironing board at home.
Different clothing items are seen such as shirts, socks, and ties.
The woman adds a tag to a piece of clothing and irons it in place.
The tag is shown close up.
Various shots of landscapes are shown followed by a woman speaking to the camera, gearing up, and riding behind a vehicle.
The person walks around and interacts with the driver and leads into more clips of the person riding a board behind a car.
A man speaks into a walkie talkie and showing the speed of the car as well as people celebrating and the man receiving a plaque.
A large man is seen bending down on his knees moving his arms around and looking off into the distance.
The man continues moving all around on the mat performing various martial arts moves and moving back and fourth to the camera.
A little boy is pushing a mop.
He closes an oven door that is open.
He continues to mop the floor.
He picks the mop up and puts it in the air.
He sets it down and continues mopping.
A group of men and women of various ages are working out on elliptical exercise machines.
A man, wearing only work out shorts, wipes sweat from his brown and leans against a wall.
A fit woman's body in a white bikini exhibits as a woman and a man in work out clothes appear working out on elliptical machines.
The woman and man then appear dressed in full casual attire before returning to the elliptical machines in work out gear, and cycling backwards and forwards on the elliptical machines again and showcasing fit profiles both alone and on the machine.
A man is standing in a gym.
He bends down and picks up a large weight.
He sets it down and talks to the camera.
We see a colorful opening scene.
Kids in colorful clothes walk on a stage and get in place.
The kids perform zumba on a stage.
The girl second from left goes the wrong direction and almost runs into another girl.
We see an an ending screen.
Two men walked over the football table, one man counted the dice on the side.
The players twist and push and pull the poles as they play on the table.
The camera men are taking pictures behind them.
This elderly man is standing up cutting the red tomato into slices.
He is in the kitchen cutting the tomato using a cheap knife.
It looks hard for him trying to use a knife that barely does anything to try and cut the tomato, but the difference shows in good products.
The video shows how to get discounts on amazon for a category of dog supplies.
Then it shows a woman shaving a dog.
A woman is shown speaking to the camera and showing various shots of children sitting in a chair and performing on tv.
The woman speaks more to the camera and puts a contact into the girls eye.
The girl smiles into a mirror and shows how she takes out the contacts and a reminder on your phone.
One last woman speaks to the camera and the girl cheers and smiles again.
First, the person is seen unscrewing the handle bars.
Then he unscrews the base to level it out to his liking.
Then he sits on the bike seat to achieve the best results.
Then he adjusts the handle bars again and makes sure they are firmly in place.
A young child is seen kicking around in the middle of a room.
The kid kicks both of his legs around while the camera pans around.
Another child is seen kicking on the side while a dog walks in and out of frame.
A piercing artist inserts a bar into a woman's nipple.
The man screws on hardware to the end of the piercing.
The woman wearing a costume sits up and shows her new piercings.
Paint is shown being mixed on a styrofoam plate.
A hand draws on a piece of paper using a brush and the mixed paint.
A man is shoveling snow off of the top of a car.
He walks around the car and starts shoveling the ground.
Several cats are shown sitting around followed by a man speaking to the camera.
More shots are shown of cars and leads into a woman cutting a cat's claws.
Several products are shown laid out as well as several people holding cats and cutting their nails.
A crowd watches a gymnastics show.
A gymnast runs up to a high bar and alternates between the high and low bar, performing various gymnastics moves and flips.
She flips off the bar and lands on her feet.
Her fellow gymnasts run up to her in excitement.
A man plays alone pool hitting balls with a pole while going around the pool table.
Then, the man hit a ball that enters the basket.
After, the man shake hands with people from the audience.
The credits of the clip are shown.
A guy is half kneeing on a gym floor.
The guy starts pressing a weight in one hand.
A jump runner warms up before going in for a long jump.
He does the long jump, then immediately hops up and runs back, cheering and celebrating with the crowd.
He beats his chest and hugs people.
He then poses in front of a scoreboard while people take photographs.
A colorful intro includes the white words that say "World's Most DANGEROUS SPORTS Events" and the green letters separately "SRP".
Madrid Spain on a map appears and it quickly goes into various different clips of men in arenas holding red capes as they taunt angry bulls.
Suddenly a bull doesn't go after the cape, and instead he goes after the man where the bull continues to attack him with his horns and throw him around on the dirt.
People begin to run towards the bull and the man to help him and the injured man quickly gets carried and run out of the area of danger.
The intro appears and it's a black screen with the green letters SRP, production credits along with the rights.
A news anchor presents a story behind a desk in a large newsroom.
People are seen smoking regular cigarettes and electric cigarettes.
The news anchor talks with a guest in the newsroom.
Professionals are seen in there offices discussing the subject.
Text is seen against a red background with a website and information.
A man gets on a red machine.
He then backs up and begins to blow leaves with it.
The leaves blow all over  the driveway.
Finally the driveway is cleared of the leaves.
A man is standing on ice with his pole standing straight up beside him.
The man grabs his fishing pole and starts fishing in the hole in the ice.
The man appears to have caught something and kneels down to pull his fishing line by hand.
The man pulls a fish out of the water and poses with it.
The man unhooks the hook from the fish's mouth.
The man kisses the fish and releases it back into the hole.
A black dog walks on a lawn.
A lady rakes leaves from the lawn onto the pavement sidewalk.
The lady stops raking, turns around, and talks plus gestures.
A white ball rolls to a parked car.
We see an arena from out doors.
We see people on trampoline performing flips in the arena.
We see a person almost fall after flipping.
The person lands and almost falls.
A person flips multiple times down a strip on the ground.
We see a man jump and land on the trampoline in slow motion.
We see the ending title screens.
A woman puts her hands down on a table with some wash cloths to get a manicure.
The manicurist puts some glass clear nail polish on her nails and then picks up a little bag of red glitter.
The manicurist starts to put little fun decorations to make the nail look pretty.
Then she gets the gooey stuff and goes over the nails with it to prevent them from coming off.
A man is standing in front of a lane with his legs spread apart, and then another man goes to roll a bowling ball between his legs and he does so, but he accidentally hits his fist into the man's private parts and they both begin to laugh.
A blue screen appears and text on the screen appears and say's "Bowling Fails FailCorporation".
Various clips of various different people falling while trying to roll the ball, laughing, and even accidentally throwing the ball into the ceiling plays.
A blue screen appears with logos, and text that say "FailCorporation Subscribe Next video" appear.
A person is assembling a bike on a white cloth.
They put on a blue apron and gloves.
They put handle bars on the bike.
We see a little girl putting makeup on her face at a toy vanity.
She closes the makeup case and opens it back up.
She rubs the tip of the brush with her finger.
A shot of a snowy area is shown followed by two people hoping along the area and speaking to the camera.
More shots are shown of the men hopping around on snowboards in various locations as well as speaking to the camera and showing pictures of the people as well as footage of them riding around.
A woman is shown speaking to the camera and point off into the distance.
The camera pans out into another man standing on the court and two basketballs shown.
The man and woman then shoot hoops with the balls and pass each other back and fourth.
A man is seen moving around in slow motion while the camera captures him from several angles.
A pair of scissors and a comb is then seen close up and leads into a person cutting the man's hair.
He finally blow dries the man's hair and is shown once again smiling and laughing to the camera.
Olympic triple jumps are shown in a stadium.
The first person in yellow goes over 17 meters.
The second person does about the same as does the third person.
An old woman is knitting on a bed.
A little girl is sitting on the floor knitting as well.
She talks to the camera as she learns to knit.
Two women and a man dance pop music while doing different steps.
The women and the man rise the arms while dancing, then they continue dancing and turning.
Two people are raking leaves in a park.
The man in the rear turns his back to the camera.
The lady on the left turns to the right.
A girl is standing with her back turned on a court.
She turns, accidentally dropping a rope.
She then performs, spinning and jumping with the rope.
A close up of an ocean floor is shown as well as a scuba diver and fish swimming around.
The camera continues to capture the bottom of the floor as well as several fish and bottom feeders on the ground.
The scuba diver moves a flashlight around to capture the bottom and watches the wildlife move around.
Words are written on the screen.
A knife is put into a sharpener and moved back and forth and used on a circular sharpener.
A pair of scissors is sharpened on the sharpener.
The scissors cut a purple towel and a piece of paper.
Words are shown on the screen again.
An intro leads into several shots of water steaming and a young woman swimming back and fourth in the water.
She comes up to the surface and speaks to the camera while several more shots of water are shown.
The video begins with a man performing various ballet moves while the camera follows and repeats in slow motion.
The man interviews the camera and leads into another dancer performing steps.
Several more people are seen performing dance moves and speaking to the camera.
After a Tissot ad appears, a row of fencers are shown.
They high five, and are displayed in several clips fighting, then back to the row of standing on the stage.
One is injured, and is carried away.
First the man walks the blindfolded woman near the pinata and she starts swinging the broom to hit it.
But she misses a few times because  the pinata moves up and down in the air.
After a while of trying, she hits the string the pinata is hanging from and knocks the pinata down, but has barely gotten any candy out.
A man is in a yard with a cricket bat.
He flips the bat over and over again.
He trips, then kicks the ball into the air, hitting it.
A man talks and then walks in the street until to arrive to an ice cream shop.
A woman shows a chocolate and vanilla ice cream cones, and a girl likes an ice cream.
People purchase ice cream, and a raise child to see ice cream.
The man lick an ice in the shop, then he pretends to lick an ice cream in a picture.
Various still shot pictures of different men, different ages, different races and different sizes appear with white text names appearing over each of their faces.
A blue screen then appears and white text words appear and say "WAIT!! SO WHAT IS WATER POLO??".
Various clips of many men playing water polo in a pool start to play and it shows them splashing in the water, fighting for the ball, swimming, and trying to make a goal at the net that's at the end of a pool.
Another blue screen appears and it has white text that say's "OK then so heres us in action" and numerous still shot pictures display of people playing water polo in the pool, or just hanging out are displayed.
When the pictures are done a blue screen appears with a lot of white words on it that basically say that if you're interested in what you just saw, you just need to contact one of them.
A lady in a pink shirt stands in a laundry room talking to the camera.
The camera zooms out to show us the whole room.
The lady shows us a spray bottle and shakes it up.
The lady then speaks to the camera.
A man holds a hummer sits on the ground.
Then, the man spins the hammer several times and throw it far.
Other man perform the hammer throw while people watch.
A woman in an office is holding a pair of grooming clippers while standing next to a black dog  who is standing on a table next to her while tethered to a metal pole on the table.
The woman begins to groom the dogs face with the clippers.
The woman then begins to groom under the dogs front legs.
Finally, the woman grooms the dogs back legs and tail before a blue and white advertising sign populates.
A man is walking in circles in the center of a crowd.
He begins to break dance.
Several clips of men break dancing in different venues are shown, as they flip, spin, and perform for crowds.
A large group of people are seen standing behind one another with others watching on the sides and leads into the group running down a road.
The large group of kids continue running down the road after one another while people still watch on the sides.
A man in a hard hat is looking at a building.
A second man walks up and shakes the first mans hand.
Both men acknowledge the building and discuss.
Three men are spackling the wall as two comparisons are shown.
The two men inspect the wall.
Another man walks up and is introduced to the other man.
The man walks away as the first two continue talking.
woman wearing black clothes is laying down in the floor doing abs.
woman doing abs in the floor have her fet tied to elastics.
woman is doing exercise in a roofed gym.
A large group of people seen pulling a rope away from one another.
More games are shown of people playing tug of war.
People watch on the sides as the men continue to play with one another.
A woman shows how to clean a shirt with a steam machine while talking.
The woman finish cleaning the shirt and takes it off from a hanger and put on the iron board.
After, the woman shows a container, then gabs the steam machine and shows  while talking.
Four people plays soccer table indoors.
A man shows a ball on a stick and demonstrates the movement of the ball on the soccer table.
Then the mans shows the ball to the players, and one of them grab the ball and others play.
People are driving in bumper cars and bump into one another and are forced to stop.
The three bumper cars break away and begin to drive in different directions as they continue to bump into one another.
Two girls in a bumper car bump into a wall and briefliy have a hard time getting back to moving.
People are constantly driving their bumper cars and bumping into things until the ride is over.
A man is seen using a power drill in a large bowl filled with chocolate.
Another person hands him a blender but the man continues using the drill in the bowl.
Several shots are shown of paintball are shown followed by many pictures of guns.
More pictures of guns are shown and ends with text across the screen.
A woman is seen holding ingredients in their hands while speaking to the camera and boiling water.
She fries nuts on a pan and pours them on a plate while mixing more ingredients into a pan and pouring it over the nuts.
She mixes them all together and shows off several plates in the end.
A group of female in a big studio are wearing black, they are in a formation, then the man in black vest and white pants walked at the center.
The females and man started to march, then danced, putting their arms up, then down and then they go forward then backward, sideways, and move their arms side to side, they also shake their hips and body.
Text appears on the screen briefly.
An elephant rides past a cow.
People are in a tube on a river.
A man is bowling and misses one pin with his first ball.
He gets all strikes for the next six rounds.
The man switches balls and bowls several more rounds getting mostly strikes.
He changes his ball again and bowls two more strikes.
A replay of the man bowling with each ball is shown.
A man skip rope in a drive way, then the man jumps and skip rope.
After, the man holds the rope on his left hand and skip while turning the rope.
Next, the man alternate skipping rope and flip the rope side to side on front.
Also, the man jump rope criss cross and jumps rope double.
Then the man jumps rope doing squatting jumps and jump lunges.
A man is talking in the camera, while another man with scarf is behind him, then they went in the building and sat on two couches, a woman came over to give them water.
The man in sweater checked his phone then get two rackets in the bag, handed one to the guy, the guy standing bounced the ball on the racket.
The two men started playing tennis while they are sitting.
Then they moved the couches and started playing on the wall, then play in the area where people where working.
A bald man went down on the stairs and went to the two men who were playing tennis on the wall.
A group of people are outside at the beach playing sand volley ball.
The ball falls and a fat boy with yellow shirts takes the ball and tries to serve it.
However,the ball doesn't make it over the net,rolls back and he goes to get it.
A man jumps onto bars and starts swinging on them.
He does a flip off them and lands on a mat.
Text is shown across the screen leading into two women speaking to one another.
One takes a sip of mouth wash and spits it into the sink.
She hands the container back to the woman who turns to speak to the camera.
A team is on the ice, playing a game of hockey.
They slide around, hitting the puck and trying to keep it away from their opponents.
The goalie attemps to keep the puck from going into the goal.
A man is seen performing break dancing moves in the middle of a city square while people walk in and out of frame.
The man continues to dance around and hold poses while looking back to the camera.
Two men exercise inside a gym, then a man jumps rope crossing his arms and also the moving the rope on front.
The man moves the rope with his right hand, then he moves both hands while skipping.
Then, the man jumps crossing the arms, after he jumps normal for long time.
Next, the a young man jumps rope raising the feet high, then he cross his the arms jumping.
After, the young man moves the rope with the right hand, then he moves it with both hands and also moves the rope on front.
After, the young man jumps alternate crossing the arms, skipping and moving the rope on front.
Two teen boys are standing at a school playing rock, paper & scissors and are surrounded by a large group of teens who are watching.
A woman walks towards them to look at what they're doing then walks back out of the circle.
A man then walks to the boys and stops them by putting his hands on each boy and walking them off.
A woman practices floor gymnastics while others engage in various activities in the background.
A second woman practices floor gymnastics.
The two women are shown performing the same action in turn.
The first woman is shown practicing more floor gymnastics, with occasional slow motion replays of her action.
The second woman is shown performing some sort of pose.
The first woman is shown performing gymnastics once again.
The second woman is shown stretching her leg in the air.
The first woman is shown performing gymnastics once more.
The second woman is shown in some sort of pose once again.
The first woman is shown performing gymnastics yet again.
A teenaged boy and his mother are sitting in bed dressed very relaxed and talking about how to wrap gifts.
He gets side tracked on his phone and then gets back to business, they start cutting the wrapping paper.
They put the presents in the middle of the paper and try to start wrapping.
They seems to have different techniques as the son finishes much faster and mom's comes out looking a little bit better.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera while holding up a bag of cookies as well as a plate.
Various ingredients are then see laid out in bowls.
The woman mixes all the ingredients together and squishes them into tiny balls to plate in the end.
We see BMX racers on the field and in various locations and riding their bikes.
Two men fall off their bikes.
We see the races start high on a platform.
A man holds a surfboard and a man carries a bike up steps.
We see a laughing man holding a surfboard.
A lady throws a hand sign to the camera.
We see aerial shots of the fields.
A man takes a photo and a man holds a New Zeland flag.
A man fall off his bike hard.
The video fades to black.
A group of men on donkeys play a form of polo on a dirt field.
The camera pans to people watching the game.
The camera returns to the people riding the donkeys.
A skier uses a wind drone to propel him across a flat slope.
The skier uses the wind drone to do a few passes on a flat area of a ski resort.
The camera pans across the ski area  and views of the surrounding mountains.
The skier does a pass by on a large flat area going very fast.
A person is seen shirtless standing in a kitchen and holding a mop.
The man looks back and laughs to the camera while holding the mop.
He continues to laugh and dance around while pushing the mop around.
The final product and credits are shown.
Ingredients are mixed and sauteed.
Pasta is added to the fry pan.
Tomato paste and dry ingredients is added to the pan.
The final product is taken from the fry pan and placed on a white plate.
The final product and credits of the clip are shown.
A girl is going across a set of monkey bars.
She gets to the end and stands on a wooden plank.
She then goes back across the monkey bars in the other direction.
She goes to another part of the playground and jumps up and down.
A shot of a christmas tree is shown followed by a man walking into frame.
The man then begins decorating the tree as well as others.
People continuously decorate the tree moving quickly around one another and end by presenting it to the camera.
People wait in an indoor gym as the instructor walks out.
The class starts a stepercize class using black boxes.
The class finishes by waving their arms and the instructor walks away.
A gymnast stretches out and climbs onto a set of parallel double bars.
The gymnast does a routine in a competition on the double bars with flips and turns.
The gymnast dismounts from the equipment and lands on the mat.
A kid is seen speaking to the camera and pans over to an older woman blowing leaves in yard.
The woman speaks to the boy and he walks over to her while she still blows leaves around.
In the end she's seen walking away past a fence.
The credits of the clip are shown.
A guy rides an exercise bike.
The guy adjusts the exercise bike seat.
The credits of the video are shown.
Two men are sitting in a room with four congos in front of them playing.
They are both in unison and they're using their body parts as part of their routine to make different sounds.
The men take an extremely brief pause before rapidly hitting the congo and end by pointing their finger at each other.
A swimming pool is shown in a room.
Men are shown jumping into the pool and swimming laps.
man and woman are standing on top of a big rock jumping into a lake.
wo guys are sitting on a side of the rock talking with a woman on the lake.
A couple of teams are on an open field.
They are playing lacrosse together.
They run around, trying to hit the ball.
A girl in her dance uniform is standing with her mom talking waiting for her turn to come up, when it's her turn she and her partner walk on stage.
They begin to do their routine with their batons.
They work well together and one of the girls does a flip while the other girl holds her, they continue on with the rest of their routine.
They end their routine, one of them kneeling and the other behind her and get up and walk off the stage.
A man stands around a giant ball.
The man kneels down and takes hold of a ball.
The man slides out with the ball, sliding the ball in front of him.
A man is hit by the ball and falls down to the floor.
The man stands up and starts walking.
A man in a black sweater quickly performs a Rubik cube challenge as the timer ticks.
A man sits next to him watching.
The man in the black sweater finishes and jumps up in excitement.
The man that was sitting next to him stands up and is joined by other young men.
A girl is holding a toothbrush up to the camera.
She uses the brush to brush her teeth.
She scrubs her teeth back and forth for a long time.
A woman stands in snow with the words "Fat Girl Snowboarding" overlaid.
A long typed message about her reason of wanting to snowboard.
She makes several attempts down the snowy hill and falls many times.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera and leads into clips of her performing ab exercises wile speaking to the camera.
The woman demonstrates how to do a proper sit up by moving her arms in different places and speaking to the camera.
A man wearing gloves holds a pair of pliers and putting an object in between.
He sparks the object to create a flame and puts his mask on to protect himself.
He continues flaming the object and shows off what he has burned.
A woman is laying down in a chair as a man with gloves works.
He places clamps on various parts of her nose.
He then inserts a rod before creating a piercing.
A man in a little kayak type of of boat is paddling the boat.
He is sitting by himself in it because it's so small it only fits one person really.
He uses a lot of energy into paddling, going really fast.
I believe he is probably practicing for an event late in the future.
We see kids with feet on skateboards.
We see the kids riding down the street from a skater pov.
A kid crashes and has a hard time recovering.
A boy loses his board and has to run after it.
We see the person with a selfie stick fall in the grass.
A man does a tattoo on the waist area of a woman using a needle.
The man cleans the area of the tattoo with a tissue.
The man continues doing the tattoo and cleaning.
Two teams are playing lacrosse outdoors.
Players score and jump and run to celebrate the scores.
A player take the ball on the stick and run to the goal to score, where a player scores.
The board shows the winner.
Two people are fighting on the ground.
People are sitting around them watching.
People are sitting on chairs playing drums.
A man pushes a lawnmower on a lawn.
Two children help him push it.
They make several passes on the lawn.
Several cars drive by them.
A woman stands talking to the camera, with a dog in front of her.
The woman holds the dog's front leg as she talks.
The woman brushes the dog with a blue brush.
a white house and a backyard full of snow appears a person is cleaning the fron entrance of the house.
a car covered in snow appears and the person is cleaning the snow from the car and its open the road in front of the car.
a red car appears covered in snow and a person is cleaning the snow .
a black car is covered in snow.
A man is seated in front of a canvas.
He is using a palette to paint an ombre scene.
He then covers the ombre to a silhouette of a tree on a hill.
A man wearing a black hat is talking.
A man dribbles a basketball around some cones and shoots the ball.
Two people are playing basketball.
A man is dribbling a basketball on a court.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera while holding various objects in her hands and begins spraying down a window in front of her.
The woman wipes down the window with a rag as well as a scraper and continues to look back and speak to the camera.
Athletes run down a track and throw a javelins across the field.
A referees runs out to check the javelin position.
A leader board is shows scores of athletes.
We see an opening title screen.
A person walks up stairs into a room and sees beer poured from a keg and people talking.
People stand and play beer pong while others watch.
A man tries to blow a ball out of a cup.
A man hits the ball away from the cup.
The left team jumps and cheers.
We see peoples faces up close and plates of food on a table.
We see a lighted sign and end.
A person wearing a mask plays the accordion.
A woman waves to the person with the camera.
A graphic with some keywords forming the number '2' is shown.
The scene switches to a black screen with some text about an upcoming marathon.
A man is shown jogging through a city on some sidewalks, a bridge, some paths in a park, etc, with a counter on the side showing his progress in kilometers as he goes.
A dealer at a casino table deals out to several customers while there's a constant stream of activity in the background.
One of the players starts laughing.
Coffee is spilled on the carpet.
A person carpet cleans the carpet.
They then clean seats of a car.
They empty the water into the sink.
They empty the bucket into another bucket.
They vacuum up sprinkles off of the carpet.
A person is seen riding a sled down a hill followed by several people climbing up the hill and sliding back down again.
An adult and child ride down as the person pulls the child out of the sled followed by more people riding down and walking up again.
People are riding in sail boats on the water.
People are standing on a bar on a boat.
People take the sail down off the boat.
A girl is sitting talking the the camera.
The girl points the camera to the ground.
A half manicure hand of another girl is seen on the floor.
The first girl proceeds to polish the second girl's fingernails.
A group of people are on rafts,white water rafting through rocky waters.
Eventually,they travel through the water and end up hitting a huge rock and losing their paddles.
After,they continue to go through rocky parts of the water and slide down small hills.
A woman mixes items together in a bowl.
She rubs that onto a wooden table.
She laughs and puts her hands in the air.
A girl is pushing two little boys on a backyard swing.
She smiles at the camera as she pushes the boys back and forth.
A man is seen bending forward and holding onto a set of weights while gripping tightly.
The man then lifts the weight over his end and throws it down in the end.
a boy is sitting in front of a timer on a computer monitor.
He has several rubik's cubes in a row.
He is timing himself as he attempts to solve the cube.
He moves quickly, solving them in short time.
He clenches his fists with joy.
A woman demonstrates how to use one container of powdered pigment to make many different hair,  nail, and face makeup products.
A woman talks to the camera in front of a counter filled with makeup.
The camera shows different makeup pieces with accompanying descriptions cards in between cutting back to the woman talking.
The woman begins to apply some of the makeup to her face, including lips and to her nails via nail polish.
The woman uses some of the makeup to make hair streaks in another persons hair.
The woman then uses the containers of powdered makeup to make foundation and eye shadow before smiling and displaying the entire line of colors and displaying a marketing graphic.
A man blows dead leaves of a backyard.
A person makes a pile of dead leaves.
A man is seen standing beside a bull and holding up a red flag.
The bull is then shown attacking several men in many clips.
More people are shown chasing bulls with them chasing after.
A group of rafters paddle there raft down a river with rapids and obstacles.
A group of rafter push off from a rock and turn there boat around to face the current.
The rafters maneuver through a concrete structure.
The group paddles around a large boulder sticking high up in the middle of the river.
The group jumps from a rock into the river.
A man is seen in the ocean waters.
He is riding a pair of water skis.
He is being drug by a boat as he skis through the waves.
A man is seen speaking to the camera that leads into several clips of people wake boarding.
The man then speaks to a woman and helps demonstrate how to properly ride the wake board.
The boat then takes off and helps the girl ride along while she falls the first time then successfully rides.
A belly dancer walks onto the stage from behind the curtains.
The belly dancer dances on stage shaking her hips and body.
The belly dancer spins in circles during the performance.
The dancers turns with her back to the audience and dances.
The dancer bows at the end of the performance.
A person is seen walking across the yard leading into a long rope.
The man jumps on the rope and attempts to walk across it.
He continues walking and leads into him falling off.
A woman is standing next to a camel holding the leash.
The woman climbed on the camel, and the camel stood up.
The camel walk around and stopped as the woman pull the leash and the camel sat down and the woman got off the camel.
A group of young men are in a kitchen, playing a game of beer pong.
They cheer as they get the ball into a cup.
A woman appears, and picks up one of the cups.
A woman is seen on an elliptical trainer in an ad.
Then we see the various components and options for using the machine.
A woman scrolls through a digital screen, then is seen riding the elliptical.
A man is indoors, as he picks a frisbee off the ground.
He then uses several frisbees to train and display the stunts of a medium sized collie dog.
The dog runs off screen and brings back the frisbees.
The scene ends with the dog trying desperately to remove a frisbee from the seated man's hand.
The little boy sits in the blue kayak holding paddles.
Then someone else is shown paddling in the water and there are people standing on shore.
The camera turns around a few times to show the trees and the sky.
A predominately dark dart board is empty.
A guy throws a dart at the dart board.
The dart hits the bullseye.
A man in a white shirt is putting a tile on the floor.
The man points beside the tile then stands.
The camera zooms in on the tile.
A volleyball instructor is giving information about his volleyball skills in salt lake city.
He plays with another instructor on the court.
He just talks and talks for a while about all about it.
You see the the volley ball net and then the coach continues to talk.
A lady is sitting and playing the piano.
A guy is standing and playing a saxophone.
The lady and guy are performing on the same stage, together.
The lady and guy stop playing.
A boy is sitting at a wooden table in a cafe.
He lights a hookah, then pulls a drag on the smoke.
He sits back, blowing smoke out of his mouth.
A woman speaks to the camera, then it cuts to a little boy using a hula hoop.
The woman shows colored tape used to wrap a hose around and create the tube herself.
She shows off the final product, then the boy using the hula hoop again.
A blue screen appears and on the left side a clear bottle is pouring liquid into a clear martini glass and white words appear on the left side of the screen that say "Girls Mixing Drinks dot com Notre Dame Pick-Me-Up with Stacey".
A brunette woman wearing all black is standing in a bar talking, she picks up a clear drinking glass, puts ice in it and touches all the ingredients she's going to use while talking about them.
The woman then begins to measure out each alcohol into a shot glass, pours them into the cup, squirts liquid from a clear bottle into the cup, pours some soda from a can into the cup, pours juice from a box into the cup, then adds a straw to the cup and pushes the cup to the front of the counter.
Throughout the whole time she's making the drink the website pops up from time to time at the bottom of the screen, then the outro screen appears with a two tone red diagonal background of thick stripes and the website in the middle reads www dot GirlsMakingDrinks dot com.
Men and women and kids are roasting marshmallow in the bonfire while others are skiing or resting on the chairs.
A woman slide down the slope and the little girl came up to her and give her a kiss, then the woman help the little girl slide down the slope.
A young girl is shown taking wet clothes our of a bucket.
Several people are around her washing clothes and tending to them.
She looks back at the camera and seems to be having fun.
A young boy jumps in front of the camera and is smiling.
The little girls continue rinsing the clothes in the bucket as the young boy turns his back to the camera.
The young girl continues on with her work and is shown being very focused in her task.
The credits of the clip are shown.
The lady whips her hair from side to side.
The lady parts her hair.
The lady brushes her hair, applies gel to her parted hair, and starts to braid her hair.
The lady puts a hair ties around the two braids.
The lady puts a hat on her head.
The lady gives a peace sign and waves.
The credits of the video are shown.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera while standing next to a horse and petting the horse on the side.
The horse sniffs all around the woman while she pets him down and turns his head in the end.
A woman uses a piece of chalk on a canvas.
She then uses several colors of paint to create an image.
When she is done, we see a still life image of an orange on a counter.
People are skiing down a hill and keep falling down and sliding down the hill.
A person crashes into a fence.
A person is shaving their beard with an electric shaver.
They are slowly moving the shaver up their chin.
Words are shown on the screen.
An empty stage with four lights are shown as a crowd of people stand waiting for something to happen.
A lady with a orange and yellow cape and skirt then comes out from the side and starts to belly dance.
The woman then drops the cape and begins walking towards the crowd moving her chest and smiling at the people.
Outside in the yard there is a lady dressed like a cupcake and she is playing a game of cricket.
She hits the yellow ball but it does not move very far at all.
She has a little bit of trouble trying to get a good position to hit the ball again.
When she finally hits it again it does not go through the course like she was expecting so she is disappointed.
There are some men playing darts in a basement where two dart boards are hung on the wall.
One of the men wearing a green shirt aims the dart board with a dart to hit the bull's eye on one board.
Another man also hits the dart on the other dart board.
The man in green shoots another dart and then goes to remove it from the dart board.
A bunch of kids are standing on a soccer field and a girl is talking.
The girl is ready to kick a red ball rolled on the ground.
The young woman wearing blue shorts and a t-shirt runs and kicks the ball.
The young girl slides into the first water slide.
The girl then gets up and then slides into the second water slide.
A heavy man in a blue shirt is playing the bag pipes.
He blows into the pipe while making the notes with his fingers.
He slightly dances as he plays.
He adjusts the bag pipe and continues to play.
He finishes his song and reaches to turn off the camera.
An intro leads into a woman looking into the mirror and putting makeup on.
She puts glasses and looks down at the mirror.
She turns herself away and ends with a logo shown.
A woman is sitting bent over and washing her laundry by hand in a bowl.
Her friend comes by and talks to her and laugh  before walking away again.
She continues to scrub her clothes extensively, making sure its nice and clean before putting in another bucket.
She washes and washes and throws them in the dry bucket when she is done.
Two swimmers stand bow forward on a high dive platform.
The divers dive from the platform into the water.
A man is seen standing and looking around and then cleans off a bowling ball and stands before a lane.
The man throws the ball down and hits several pins.
A woman smiles at the camera.
The woman rinses a toothbrush under water.
The woman applies toothpaste to the toothbrush.
The woman demonstrates brushing her teeth.
The woman rinses the toothbrush under water again.
The woman rinses her mouth with a glass of water.
The woman towels her mouth and shows her teeth.
A woman carry a heavy ball and stands on a circle.
Then, the woman spins the weight.
Then, the woman throw the weight.
A boy sits on a rock before walking along a shoreline.
The young man rides his skateboard down hills around a beach town.
The young goes to a local restaurant for a meal.
The harbor is seen and the young man walks down a train track at sunset.
A child shovels the snow in a yard and throws it into the driveway.
The girl drops her shovel and shovel in the snow.
The child walks over to her family in the yard.
There are a lot of people at a park and some are playing while others are just watching.
A man and a woman are standing at the entrance of the playing field and getting ready to play.
When the ball rolls towards them, the man kicks it and runs while other players try and get into motion for the play.
Another man runs towards the home base and dives onto the dirt to touch the base they are protecting and another man is trying to catch the ball to get the man out.
The man attempts to catch the ball, misses it, falls on the ground to catch it, throws it at the head of the man who is already on the base and they all laugh and the team who just scored give one another high fives.
a blonde woman is playing with dogs, she is kissing them and giiving them a shower, the woman is holding a scissor and is cutting the dog's hair.
blonde woman is with a beatiful white dog in a table a veterinarian's office.
the woman is with the black dog and is styling the dog's hair.
woman shows their diplomas and awards and is with a white puddle combing her hair.
woman comb the black dog's hair and plays with it.
woman holds the white dog paw and cut her nails.
woman is with the black dog giving him a shower and styling his hair.
woman is talking while in the bottom a blonde woman is combing a white puddle.
blonde woman holds the white puddle and is talking to the camera giving the web adress to the dog salon white shows how comb and shower the dogs.
A person competes solving a cube puzzle behind a chronometer, while a woman takes notes and watch the person.
The person solves the puzzle, then he stands, raise his arms and walk.
The person shake hands with people in the room.
Suddenly, the person runs making thumps up and pose for a picture.
A man in a silver jacket is fixing a spoke on the tire of his bicycle.
