Business men walk through a busy crowd.
A business man plays against a table tennis professional.
Two businessmen play on a team against the table tennis pro.
The match ends and the business men shake hands with the athlete.
A woman is standing on a tennis court talking.
She begins to play tennis on the court.
She serves a tennis ball across the court several times.
A shaggy dog is getting a bath from a veterinarian.
The veterinarian is blow drying the dog after washing it.
A different vet is petting and brushing the dog.
A video montage of the dog plays and then credits roll.
We see an opening title screen.
We see a newscaster speak.
We see a man in a room then a fight and men in an office before more fighting in an action movie.
We return to the newscaster as she discusses a superhero movie.
Her screen changes to the title screen.
An older man is seen sitting on a log in a public space in front of a piano.
The man then plays the piano while the camera captures him playing.
The man sings to the camera while continuing to play and the camera moving around his movements.
A marching band plays in a parade while people watch stand on the sidewalk.
The marching band pass on front a carnival and a green field.
Then, the marching band arrives to a city.
An old man holding a trophy walks on front the marching band.
After, the marching band arrives to a bus station.
A bond lady applaud, hug people and talks.
A man walks on stilts into a park.
Turns to his right and walks pass a row of benches.
The man speeds up then returns to his initial speed.
The man reaches the park's sign and comes to a stop.
A man is seen sitting in the back of a car waxing down a surf board and another man speaking to the camera.
Slow motion shots of a man surfing are shown and the man continues speaking.
A young boy arranges a shirt on the floor.
He grabs and iron and irons the shirt.
He places the iron down and looks around the room.
A man is deep water scuba diving with some type of machine as if he is searching for something.
In the midst,he begins playing with a small fish before continuing on his search.
The man continues traveling through the water at a slow pace but he isn't finding anything.
man is standing in a wooden court talking to the camera.
men are playing squash in a room holding rackets on his hands.
the man is holding a racket and is talking to the camera.
There's a man in a white shirt being interviewed in the 60 Minutes program by the host of the show.
He is talking about his participation as a matador in a bull fighting event where there are several spectators watching him.
During the event, he gets injured and is taken on a stretcher by the paramedics for first aid treatment.
White text explains the process of knee injury.
A man is shown doing athletic acts, including jumping on a mattress, and stretches for his knees before jumping again and again.
An older man is in a pool and he's holding a yellow ball in front of his face.
The man throws it to a dog who is balancing on a blue floating device and the dog hits it back to the man using his nose.
The man throws it back to the dog and the dog hits it back and then he slips off the floating device and splashes into the water.
A large group of people are seen standing around a sand pit shaking hands and speaking with one another.
The men then begin a soccer match with one another and cheering when they score a goal.
The men continue to play against one another while the audience cheers and the ref stands on the side.
A woman introduces her home decor video, standing next to a chair.
She first scrubs the dirt from the chair with a sponge.
Next, she applies a silver paint to the chair.
She then dips her brush in a blue paint to cover the chair's seat, back, and then arms/legs.
Lastly, she places stencils on the chair and paints the insides white to decorate.
People are gathered on bleachers in a gym.
Team mates come out waving a white flag.
A basketball game commences, trying to make baskets.
An intro comes onto the screen showing a high rise building.
Then, a man is shown gearing up and putting on several contraptions that he can connect to a belt.
He is then shown washing the windows of the very tall building.
He uses a scrapper the scrape of a sticker from one of the windows.
He is shows dipping a washer in a bucket and washing the windows of the ground floor.
Several of the window washing supplies are shown again before the video ends.
A man paints a hose on front a fence in a backyard.
The man paint the fence from up to down.
The credits of the clip are shown.
Instructions of how to pole vault is presented.
A person holds a elongated, hollow stick.
A guy runs with a elongated stick and uses it to elevate himself over a heighten hurdle.
The top of the hurdle falls apart.
A man uses an elongated stick to elevate himself over a heighten hurdle.
The credits of the video are shown.
A boy in a white tshirt picks up his brother over head and body slams him onto the bed.
The brother in army colored shirt gets up from bed.
A boy is seen speaking to the camera holding two basketballs and leads into him holding them up to his face.
The boy then moves up and down the court while dribbling the balls and shoots a basket off in the end.
A woman straights the hair of a young lady using a brush and a hair dryer.
The woman holds part of the the hair up, then she curves the hair with and hair iron.
Two men in work out clothes are standing up against the wall and they begin to talk about working out.
One man is then shown and he bends down and shows the proper way to lift the bar with weight on it.
A replay is then shown and the boy bends from the knees and then flips his wrist and brings it over his shoulder as he goes down into a squatting position.
A man is seen playing drums on a set of buckets while several people walk past him and others record him.
The man continues to play as the camera pans all around him and people continue to walk around him and show off the area.
Two men are seen holding hands with a ref holding them together and leads into an arm wrestling match.
One man wins and then goes on to arm wrestle several more people.
There are shoes placed on the floor just lying there.
Someone puts their feet into one of their shoes very slowly.
They begin to buckle the straps on the left shoe.
Then they put their foot more securely into the right shoe, finally bucking the straps on that shoe too.
Two people are fencing in a polka dot walled room, while dressed in fencing gear and fencing masks including a fencing weapon.
An animated graphic populates displaying the physique of the two fencers in a grid pattern with the two animated figures exhibiting some fence/weapon movement.
A cut away appears of several people interviewing and talking to the camera in front of an extreme fencing sign along with still images of people preparing to fence.
The two people dressed in fencing outfits begin to fence in a demonstration.
A girl is sitting in the sand.
She is putting sand in a blue bucket in front of her.
Two people walk along the beach in front of her.
Two people are playing a lacrosse game.
They shoot at the goal and make the point.
A man is cleaning the soles of his sneakers with the thin, metal end of a hose.
The man places the hose back and starts to leave.
The interior and supplies of an old fashioned barber shop are shown.
A man sharpens a razor strap.
He shows off the cream as he puts it on his client.
He then gently and professionally gives the man a beard shave.
The man lies still as he applies a cloth, then aftershave.
A close up is shown of the clean shaven face.
Two people are boxing in a ring.
A man in a black shirt is refereeing the fight.
A woman is holding a camera taking pictures of them fighting.
A group of kids are hanging out by a picnic table.
A young girl peels potatoes.
A young boy cuts the potatoes.
A lady holds a javelin on a track she puts it down.
The scene starts over and we see a lady throw a javelin and walk away.
We then see the throw measured and a man walks up as talks to the girl.
A close up of a painting is shown followed by a brush dipping into paint and moving all along the picture.
The person continues painting bushes in the picture and ends with credits rolling above the screen.
A little girl in a diaper uses a small vacuum.
She is vacuuming dirt out from under a chair in a living room.
She uses the brush to suck up dirt on the floor.
A little baby boy is sitting in his high chair dipping a fork into a glass of chocolate milk being held by an adult.
The adult takes several turn dipping the fork in the cup and licking it.
Then he pauses for a minute and starts to play with the fork.
There's a man in a red shirt and brown hat blowing leaves off his driveway with a leaf blower.
He begins by blowing the leaves off from near the front lawn.
Then he moves towards where his white van is parked.
He walks all around the driveway and blow the leaves, making sure he covers the entire driveway.
Then he goes towards the corner of the garage and blow off a large pile of leaves that is lying there in a heap.
A roll of shingles is shown lying on a roof.
A man holds up a sheet of the shingles.
He uses pliers to remove damaged shingles before replacing them with new ones.
The logo "theksiny on skin" and "The #1 Way to Not Get a Cold or Flu" is shown on screen.
Dr Lisa Kellett speaks to the camera in a medical exam room next to a sink.
The doctor demonstrates the steps to washing hands like doctors do.
The logo and website address appears on screen again.
Two men are fighting inside a wrestling ring.
They flip and tumble over each other.
One of the wrestlers pins the other, and the count goes to three.
A graphic shows and then photos follow of a girl growing up with horseback riding.
Three years after those photos the girl moves and she is shown riding horses.
The girl is shown with other girls posing with some awards for horseback riding.
Another video is shown of the girl riding the horse indoors.
Photos of the girl taking care of her horses close out the video.
Title screens show up on the video.
A woman is holding a cloth in a kitchen.
The woman begins running water in a bath tub and a sink.
The woman washes a cloth in the sink.
The woman lays the wet cloth on a dry one and dries it out.
The woman puts the pair of pants on an ironing board.
The ending credits appear.
A man in a red polo shirt demonstrates the Kleva Sharp sharpener.
He sharpens a dull butcher knife and cuts a tomato.
The man in the red polo shirt then sharpens a dull steak knife and cuts a tomato into slices and then he cuts a cucumber into slices.
The man demonstrating the Kleva Sharpener, he sharpens a garden clipper and slices a carrot.
The demonstrator then sharpens a serated bread knife and slices a loaf of bread.
A series of demonstrations of different knives cutting different foods.
The Kleva Sharpener is dismounted from the table and stored in a cabinet drawer.
The Kleva Sharpener is mounted on the refrigerator on a wall and on the table.
He demonstrates the locking mechanism.
A man drives a mowing machine to cut the grass of a backyard.
The man pass on front the home to continues mowing the other parts of the yard.
five different people tosses a freebie in the air and a dog jumps and catch the freebie in his mouth, the dog then moves on to the next person and do the same thing as many people watch from a distances.
there are two dogs now that are jumping the air catching freebies while doing tricks.
Now there is one lady with one dog doing tricks and the dog catches the freebie as the lady toss it in the air.
A young boy is seen opening up presents with another's help and various shots of him playing a drum he received.
The mother is interviewed and shows more shots of the boy playing several different instruments.
It finally shows the boy grown up and ends with information for a movie trailer.
A woman clapping in the sidelines, cheering someone on.
Coaches standing on the other side of the fence watching to rate.
The runner runs down the turf super fast.
He jumps at the end and lands smoothly into the sand, while one of the coaches pulls a string over.
An intro video with a blue screen that has a picture of a drawn ship is in the background while yellow words scroll from the bottom to the top.
A view from the water begins and a few houses and a lot of trees are shown on land.
A person underwater in snorkeling gear is now swimming around the bottom of the water and meets up with another snorkeler and they both go into a ship that is underwater as they both hold their flashlights and cameras to explore the ship and everything else at the bottom of the water.
A school of fishes appear and they're swimming and hanging around the boat.
The focus goes back to the snorkelers as they continue to explore the area with their flashlights.
The outro video appears and it's the same blue picture as the intro and includes some contact information on the video and the credits begin to roll with the text scrolling from bottom to top.
A group of cheerleaders are posing on a stage.
They break apart, going into an elaborate dance routine.
They flip, toss, and throw each other, then jump up and down excitedly.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera in front of a large exercise bar and begins standing on the equipment while speaking and using her hands.
The woman continues to demonstrate how to properly execute the exercises while moving her arms and legs back and fourth.
A gymnast performs on a pommel horse on front a crowd in the bleachers.
Then, she flips backwards and lands stand on the foam mat.
A man is seen speaking to the camera holding a volleyball and leads into shots of him hitting the ball.
He continues speaking to the camera while holding the ball and looking off into the distance.
A large group of people are standing on a bridge.
They are looking into the rapid waters below.
Several people on canoes come through the bridge, which is the finish line.
A girl with long hair is shown speaking to the camera and leads into her spraying water all over a dog in the tub.
She scrubs the dog with shampoo and runs again runs the water over the dog.
She holds the dog with a towel and then blow dries the dog in her lap while combing him.
The dog is shown again all dried off and shakes himself while looking at the camera and the girl speaks more.
A circle is formed of several children who are talking and banging each other in the head with foam mallets.
The other people laugh as they watch.
Howcast logo is on the screen.
Two men are sitting in the middle of drums and explaining about the instruments.
The men begin playing the drums.
The go back to talking about the drums.
A woman is seen sitting on a piece of exercise equipment with her arms and legs strapped in.
The woman is seen moving back and fourth on the machine while looking forward.
The woman continues to move on the machine while the camera watches her movements.
People are sitting behind large drums.
They start playing the drums with their hands.
People stand on the street watching them.
A man picks up his chair and turns it upside down on the drums.
woman is standing in a small room doing tricks with a baton.
men are running on a side of the woman.
women enter to a room.
An athlete walks onto a field outside.
He runs with a javelin in the air.
He throws the javelin as far as he can, repeating multiple times.
A man is seen bending over a block of wood and sanding it own.
He pours out more liquids in front of a group of people and rubs it all along the block of wood.
He continues rubbing it down while people on the sidelines watch.
We see three men on a boat in a lake.
The left man holds his nears near his chest.
A man acts weird and sprays himself.
A boy plays the drums on front people.
A man sings holding a microphone next to the drummer.
A person pass on front the boy.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while holding sponge and a sander in each hand.
The man then wets the sander and uses it along a set of skis.
He guides it along the ski and stops to speak to the camera and smile.
A seated man looks at a clipboard.
The man begins smoking from a large pipe.
The camera pans down to show the various items on the table before him.
The camera pans back up to the man.
An athletic man is seen waving one arm up into the air and standing ready for a beam.
The man then spins himself around the beam performing a gymnastics routine and ends with him jumping to the side and holding his arms up, smiling and waving to the crowd.
An intro leads into several tools laid out on a table and a women walking in an removing a plant.
The woman then pulls out a rag and wipes off the table.
She tend holds the rag again, sprays down the table, and wipes down the table in a proper motion.
She is then shown again dusting over various areas and places the plant back on the table and pushing the chairs in.
Two people get into an truck.
They drive onto the street.
A man carrying a ladder sets it against a house.
The woman watches the man.
The man looks at the roof of the house on the ladder.
He shows her something and she holds it in her hand.
A man talks in front of a house.
A man climbs a ladder and looks at a roof.
A man goes through a stack of papers.
It shows the papers on the screen.
Players are running around playing lacrosse on a field of grass.
The audience is watching and applauding for them.
Various tools and products are laid out on a table and transitions into a man walking in front of a mirror and putting lotion on his face.
He then puts cream on his face and shaves all around his face.
He then wipes his face down with a rag and walks away from the mirror.
A person in a yellow cap is swimming in a swimming pool.
A person in a white shirt is talking.
The person is out of the water moving their arms.
People are standing on a stage.
They start playing a game of rock paper scissors.
Men standing in referee shirts are standing behind them.
A close up of snow is shown that leads into a man playing drums.
The man leans over a set of drums in the snow while the camera pans around.
The man still plays the drums and stops to walk away and look at the camera.
The woman attempts to rake leaves, but then she falls and gets back up holding the rake and a man takes it from her.
Then she walks away and comes back again and he rakes the leaves on top of her.
A group of young people play field hockey on a field while a man watches from a fence bordering the playing field.
A man in field hockey goal gear stands in the center of a semi circle formed by young people dressed in field hockey attire.
The man interviews from the sidelines while the people play field hockey and at one point is presented with a burgundy jersey by the players.
The man then plays a game of field hockey in which he ends standing in the semi circle again tossing a ball up and down and looking into the camera while surrounded by players.
A city next a river is displayed on a screen.
Reporters talk in a TV set where other people are working.
A man wearing white shirt clean his face while looking a mirror.
A woman is pouring shots of alcohol into a glass of ice.
She shakes the glass and sets it down.
She then pours it into another glass and sticks a straw in it.
She holds up the drink while talking.
A person is seen wearing a funny costume while holding onto a piece of machinery.
The man pushes the machinery around the lawn while looking into the camera.
The man continues using the machine while looking off into the camera.
Bowling pins are getting hit with bowling ball.
A crowd cheers sitting behind the bowling alley.
A man kisses a trophy in his hands.
Students are interviewed and then run a race.
Everyone seems happy to be involved with the College of Charleston.
Three girls are seen holding a rope with one walking away and two playing tug of war.
Two girls switch places and the final two compete against one another playing tug of war back and fourth.
A lady kicks a ball in a field.
The lady picks up the baby.
The lady runs across the screen.
The camera pans left and right to show the crowd standing around.
A woman shows a little girl to turn a handle, then, the little girl peels an orange spinning the handle of the machine.
The handle gets stuck and the woman tries to help the girl.
After, the girl continues turning the handle to peel the orange.
We see two boys on a train talking.
It gets dark in a tunnel.
Someone throws something at a boy.
We see the boys riding skateboards down a residential street.
A man rides downhill backwards.
We see a boy fall off his skateboard.
We see a number three on a wall.
We see a person jump off their skateboard.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera holding a sharpening tool in her hands.
She then demonstrates how to properly cut the knife and placing the object down while speaking.
A bald man inside of a home is holding a camera and videotaping a woman on stilts.
The camera pans to the woman, who is walking around the living room in the stilts.
The man asks the woman to act like a movie character, and she agrees.
The woman then grabs the camera, and the view is obscured by her hand.
A person is seen wearing a blue shirt and standing before a fence.
The person bends down in front of the fence and begins spraying it down.
The person continues spraying the fence while the camera captures from behind.
The man in black shirt is walking and then raised the ball up.
The man put the ball on his neck and started to turn around and threw the ball.
The man cheered and gave a high five to other man, then he is so happy he went to the ground on his stomach and he continue to cheer.
We see an opening title screen.
A group of men play foosball outdoors.
The men on the right win and shake hands and hung.
One man high fives a child held up by a lady behind them.
We see a closing screen.
A woman is sitting in front of a camera.
She begins brushing her partially wet hair.
She continues brushing, then stops and stares at the camera.
Several people are captured decorating a Christmas tree in a living room in a fast forward, speed motion video.
A Christmas tree stands undecorated in a living room.
Two people decorate the tree with a light cord.
Three people decorate the tree with blue and silver balls.
The tree lights are turned on and wrapped gifts are placed under the tree as people start to sit under the tree and a dog casually walks by the tree.
A cheerleader perform graciously using a rod that spins in her right hand.
Then, she takes another rod to perform and spins at the same time the rods.
After, the cheerleader put one rod on the floor and continue performing only with one rod.
A large group of kids are seen practicing basketball drills on a court and passing the ball quickly to one another.
Several boys make baskets while still speaking to one another an the coach moves in and speaks to the boys.
He walks away and more drills are shown with the boys.
three man are standing in a gym talking to each other.
men opens the wooden door and enters in the gym and are watching the first men, and they panicked.
men start running in the court trying to grab a pink ball and start playing dodgeball.
man is talking to the camera in font of a bricked wall.
A boy is floating in a raft as his father holds a rope attached to it.
The boat floats away slowly, pulling the child as he stands in his raft.
He is then pulled up toward the two men in the boat.
A group of kids are playing on a field.
The coaches talk to them as they run.
They engage in a game of lacrosse together.
Several people are in a dance room and an instructor comes as they begin to dance.
The six people continue to dance from side to side making arrows like a Jamaican dance.
As it continues,steps are repeated and throws fist punts in the air.
Karate students play standing and hand held drums in a studio.
Karate students jump over the top of a rope held by other students on a mat.
The group of karate students practices punches standing in a line.
A group of younger student practice sparring against opponents.
The groups spin each other in circles holding each others hands.
The group stands in a circle and jump up and down together while watching the instructor.
A man is wearing a red hat and sunglasses.
He throws a dart in front of him.
He makes a bulls eye on the dart board.
We see an opening title screen.
We see a city scene at night.
We see people playing soccer outdoors at night.
A man falls on the ground.
We see a man shifting the ball with his feet.
We see two men high five each other.
We see the closing tile screen.
Several shots of scenery are shown followed by a person performing a trick on a skateboard and others riding down a hill.
Several shots are shown of people riding down the street on skateboards and doing several tricks while the camera zooms in.
One man falls in the end and his board crashes along the side.
An older man is seen kneeling in the middle of a gym with several people around him.
The man pulls on a piece of exercise equipment working his upper arms back and fourth.
A black screen with a white title appears.
A cook is in front of a professional stove putting seasoning into a metal pan and warming a pan over a gas lit blue flame.
The cook now scoops a large portion of mixed egg from a large metal pot into the small metal pan.
He begins to whisk the egg mixture with two wooden sticks, holding the pan over the burner.
When the egg is almost fully cooked, the man begins to shape the egg inside of the pan with the wooden sticks in the shape of an omelet.
He rolls the omelet back and forth in the pan.
End black screen and a blue word.
A dark sky with a moon and cloud is shown in between trail so dirt.
After,A man wearing a hat is shown walking down the trail and several dirt bikers racing are shown.
The man then puts on a helmet,the bar is let down and he begins jumping over a hill.
As the video continues,you are following the man racing through the trail and doing tricks and riding at side angles to ensure that the tricks are landed and he doesn't fall off.
The man then reappears and the reflection of racing is shown in his eye before he walks off.
Several people are outside in a ski resort sitting on the tubes.
After,the three individuals in the front,are pulled down the slope and they begin to slide down.
Once they are off,the man who pushed him down walks away and more people begin to go down.
A wrestler in maroon brief is  provoking the black man.
The black man attacked the other wrestler but he was knocked down.
The wrestler with maroon brief carried the black man and slam him on the floor.
A man in a white shirt is sitting down playing a guitar.
Next to the man is a smaller screen of a black and white video of a man singing and a woman.
A man stands by a pole vault rig while a series of vaulters is shown attempting the vault with varying degrees of success.
A group of people wearing white uniforms walk by in the background.
Two people walk by in the background.
A person is seen standing before a large track holding a pole.
The person begins to run down the track while still holding the pole.
The man then jumps over a beam and onto a mat.
Two teams play a game of indoor field hockey.
Teams take shots on a goal keeper that are blocked.
The referee starts and stops the game.
A man is seen sitting in a kayak looking to the camera.
He then sticks his paddle in the water and begins moving along.
He continues riding around an area while moving the paddle.
A small child is seen standing on a trampoline and throwing a ball off into the distance.
More kids are seen picking up balls and throwing them to the other side.
More kids are seen throwing balls and playing dodgeball with one another.
A woman is seated on the floor, talking about a vacuum cleaner.
She demonstrates how to apply powder to the carpet, and vacuum it up.
She then shows how to clean the vacuum out, and the mechanics of the machine.
A crowd is gathered around two women who are arm wrestling.
The women grab each others hands and push as hard as they can until one of them loses.
They redo the arm wrestling.
One of the girls lets her hand loose and the other girl opens her mouth in shock.
A man is seen lecturing a crowd while holding several green Frisbees in his hand.
After talking to the crowd he calls out and a dog runs out on the stage to him.
Initially he starts to play with the dog and the dog kept trying to grab the mans frisbees,than the man throws the Frisbees on the ground  and starts to play fetch with the dog.
At one point the dog starts to jump off the mans back as he chases after Frisbees.
Also at another point the man grabs on to a Frisbee at one end and a dog at the other end and he starts to spin the dog around.
In the end the man performs a trick with the dog and makes him do a back flip and grabs him and takes him off the stage .
Two sumo wrestlers stand in an arena.
One knocks the other one out.
The winner stands tall on the arena.
The crowd looks at the winner.
A little girl is outside on a snowy day.
She is playing hopscotch which is drawn on the driveway.
She hops along each square, then turns and goes back to the beginning.
The credits of the clip is shown.
A person mends steel with a welding equipment.
A person uses a hammer and a flat equipment to remove debris.
A person uses a flat equipment to remove melted steel debris.
The person places two dumbbell shaped steel in opening that he is welding.
A person uses a flat equipment to clean the welded opening.
A person uses a flat equipment to move the dumbbell shaped steels and then removes them with his hand.
The credits of the video is shown.
A man makes tattoos on the back head and neck of a person.
Then, the man cleans the head and neck with a white tissue.
After, the man continues making the tattoo on the side of the head while cleaning the paint.
A man is jumping rope in a room.
A man behind him is stretching.
A man behind him starts doing push ups.
Various pictures of ingredients are shown with text across the screen and leads into a woman washing and peeling lemons.
She rolls the lemons on a table and cut them into halves.
Then she juices the lemon and pours the mixture into a large pot with sugar.
She boils the pot and pours the final result into several glasses, enjoying a sip in the end.
A track athlete prepares and stretches out on a starting line.
A track athlete runs down a track and high jumps over bar onto a mat.
The athlete makes attempts at jumping over the bar but is unsuccessful knocking it down on the mat.
Two woman are riding in a car.
The passenger is talking to the camera.
They are demonstrating dance moves.
The driver is talking to the camera.
The passenger is now talking to the camera.
The driver is looking at the camera and smiling while driving.
A girl is looking in a mirror holding a tattoo pattern on her shoulder.
Another girl is lying on a bed while another girl gives her a tattoo.
The other girl is sitting on a stool while a man gives her a tattoo her shoulder.
A hand reaches out from behind the camera.
A girl is talking to the camera with her hand on her shoulder.
Another girl is talking to the camera and making hand gestures.
Both girls are talking to the camera.
A girl is sitting down in a chair.
Another person is standing behind her.
The woman behind her begins braiding her hair.
People are standing on a field of grass.
A man picks up a long pole and starts running down a track.
He jumps over a high bar and lands on a mat.
A young woman is sitting a chair extremely still as a pair of scissors are being put up her nose.
The person who is piercing her septum continues to hold it and grabs the needle with the other hand.
Once he pierces it,a drop of snot flies from her nose and the girl begins talking until the balls are on the end of the ring.
A cowboy on a horse is released from a gate.
He lassos a little calf.
He dismounts, then ties the calf.
A woman is standing behind a vacuum.
She begins vacuuming the carpet.
She takes off the hose attachment and cleans a lamp and the stairs.
She empties the filter of the vacuum into the trash can.
A woman is seen hosting a news segment speaking to the camera and transitions into a group of men walking in a straight line.
The people then perform in front of a large group of people and one performer is interviewed in between.
The news segment then begins talking to other people in the studio who give their opinions and ends with the host laughing and smiling.
The skier adjusts the rope with his red and black skis extending in front of him over the water as he prepares to ski.
The boat pulls him off the dock and into the water as he rests upright, his skis out in front of him.
As the boat picks up speed, the skier rises, and holds onto the rope, steering left and right.
He just seems to miss a buoy as he cuts through water and the boat's wake.
The boat turns towards the land with large buildings coming into view, and slowly he is taken back to the dock.
A young lady with broad shoulders and pig tails approaches a stage in prepares her mind.
The lady cracks her knuckles and then bends  down and tries to lift the weights.
Too much weight is on the bar and the girls ends up twisting her arm in a circle,drops the bar and cries out in agony.
Another girl then walks up and lifts the bar half way,realizes shes incapable and drops it.
After she walks off she brushes her self off and attempts again and raises it over her head,drops it, and walks away congratulating herself.
A screen of scores are then shown and a different girl attempts the weight.
The second young lady comes back and does the same thing as well as the female who came after her.
The girl comes back but realizes the weight is too heavy and gives up lifting it.
However,the original girl comes back and continues to lift more and more weight with ease until the last time,she then bows and they walk up to an Olympic stage and receive their metal.
We see the opening title screen.
We see the ocean and an island in the water.
We see a person kitesurfing in the water.
We then see two people kitesurfing.
We go back to just one person surfing.
We see the island from above.
We return to the surfer in the water.
We then see the closing title screen.
An intro leads into several shots of divers moving around the ocean and passing various fish and items under water.
The diver comes above the water holding a tank and spins around while the camera follows.
There's a man wearing s white shirt playing the drum set in a room.
He begins by playing the snare drum and the bass drum.
Then he continues playing by hitting the cymbals and the hi-hat.
He stops for a bit and then resumes playing the drum set.
He plays rhythmically as he picks up speed and plays the drum set.
Then he stops and gets up to turn off the camera.
A camera pans around a snowy area and leads into a man holding an accordion and beginning to play.
The man continues to play the instrument while the camera shows off more scenery of snowy areas and the man continuing to play.
A woman on a beach begins to build a sand castle.
A man comes over and begins to build the sand castle with her.
Several people walk by as they continue to build the castle.
A man in a red hockey helmet and with a long curling mustache is seen in a still shot standing next to a woman while leaning on a glass barrier in front of a hockey skate rink.
The man is then shown entering a live hockey game and playing hockey with a floor filled with other players.
Another man is shown sitting next to a snoopy doll before the camera changes back to the man in the mustache again in another still shot.
Men in a jerseys are standing around with their arms crossed just kind of staring into space.
Then, you see them on the field playing a game and later talking a little bit about it.
They each seem to recall their own memories of times they won medal and stare at their medals.
they stand around in a small group talking and then you see an audience cheering and clapping.
People sail in canoes rowing with a paddle in a choppy river.
Two men in a canoe sail near the bank of the river, but then sail in the river.
The men spins the canoe an pass near an arch of the canoe course.
The two men cross a person alone in a canoe.
The men continue sailing down the river passing between arches.
Men in a canoes are on the border of the river.
After, continue sailing straight in the river.
A man wearing black is in a gym.
He picks up some heavy barbells.
He lifts the barbells over his head.
He then drops the barbells onto the ground.
A person's hands are seen playing in dirt while moving their hands all around the soil.
The person continues to play around in the soil while the camera watches their hand movements.
A young woman is holding a tablet to record a video of people running in a race and she is standing in the stands at a track filled with people.
A man is running across the grass field with an orange shirt and a flag on the grass in the middle of the track.
Another man in a black shirt runs towards the man in the orange shirt.
The young woman continues to video the track with her tablet.
The man in the orange shirt is running across the grass again.
The young woman puts her tablet down after trying to video the game and looks off into the distance at the people on the track.
Everyone starts clapping together in the stands.
There is a photo with a guy wearing a track uniform.
A dog is swimming in a small pool.
He is being rubbed with shampoo.
He is back in the water getting cleaned.
A person is spraying the dog with a hose.
The dog is then put in a metal pen.
A guy is putting a cloth shackles on a lady's ankles.
The guy positions the lady at the edge.
The lady bungee jumps when the guy removes his hand.
A news woman is talking to a camera.
She has a conversation with a man who is also a newscaster.
Images of hand molds are shown in the background.
A woman body builder slowly lifts a giant barbell of weights up into the air.
She lifts it to her chest, Then over her head before freezing in place.
A gymnast is performing on the bars while a crowds is watching.
At the end, the gymnast flips around the bars and jump on the mattress.
A young woman is seen standing on a court wearing a hat and holding a tennis racket.
The girl then throws the ball up into the air and hits it off into the distance.
She looks back and smiles to the camera.
A boy watches as a semi truck drives through the desert.
A man puts on his helmet and pushes off into the river on a kayak.
A man paddles on rapids and down a river on a kayak.
A man fishes from a beach on the shore of a river.
A group prepares a picnic on the shore.
A man flips over on his kayak from being turned over in the water.
The Duggar mom and a little girl walks up to another woman at a horse ranch and the words on the bottom left say the woman's name is Morgan Brown and she's the Equestrian Instructor.
The woman leads them into the barn and she puts a helmet on the little girls head, they walk to get horses and at some point the Duggar mom put a helmet on as well.
In between interviews they show the Duggar mom and the little girl getting instructions about their horse and then getting on their horses and riding on them in an enclosed area.
The red and white TLC logo remains on the bottom right area of the screen the whole time.
A group of USA olympic fencing champions are shown competing in fencing interspersed with images and graphics advertising an upcoming fencing tournament in NYC.
Several images of fencers are shows interspersed with video of the fencers walking.
An image of a girl holding an American flag behind her appears.
More still images of fencing and a slow motion video of a fencing competition appear before a final marketing graphic with a website on it.
A young boy is seen smiling and laughing into the camera and beginning to play piano.
The boy plays furiously on the piano at a fast pace and leads into him wearing a different shirt and still playing.
He finishes by putting his body onto the piano and then smiling into the camera.
A close up of a strawberry is shown.
A woman is talking with an array of watercolors.
She demonstrates how to use the watercolors to create art on a canvas.
A basketball player is seen dribbling a ball in various shots for the camera and leads into the player making baskets over and over again.
The man is then seen speaking to the camera and transitions into him scoring several more baskets.
People are sitting on a bench.
A man is drinking from a coffee cup.
A woman is drinking from a coffee cup.
A young man is seen sitting in a chair holding a vacuum in his hands.
The boy speaks to the camera while still pushing the vacuum back and fourth.
The camera moves closer to the boy and zooms in on his face while vacuuming.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera that leads into a man speaking to a group.
Another man speaks to the camera while the demonstrator points to a bike and takes off a wheel.
More people speak to the camera while the man demonstrates how to put air in a tire and well as taking it apart.
A person is slicing limes on a board.
They put the limes and sugar into a blender.
They strain the juice and pour it into a jar.
They put a straw and a lime wedge on the rim of the glass.
A man stands on metal stilts an pulls a large straight edge over a ceiling to flatten out the plaster.
The man reaches the nearest side and then turns around to continue.
The man reaches the far side of the room and turns around to continue.
The man finishes and lowers the straight edge tool smiling.
A man carefully washes the side of a car with a sponge.
The man stands up and washes the windshield.
He then moves along the back of the car washing the spoiler.
A woman is seated at the bottom of a slide.
She is adjusting her camera.
A child slides down the slide, running into her from behind.
A camera pans around a city and leads into several clips of people playing in a casino.
A man is seen speaking to the camera as well as being interviewed by the news.
More men are seen being interviewed while showing off clips of the casino.
Two men are crouched beside a car, and a third stands.
They remove the tire while another man takes pictures.
The two men change the tire, putting on a spare.
Kids are shown playing basketball on a court.
The coach is talking to them and trying to tell them how to play.
The kids perform lay ups.
man is interviewing some people who is watching two women in bikini wrestling, the woman wins and start jumping.
two women in bikini are standing with a dwarf  and he is winning the fight while the interviewer is talking to people in the audience.
women in bikini are preparing to wrest in the ring.
some clips of youtube videos are shown.
We see an intro screen with arrows.
A chef is talking while standing in front of a bow as she cooks spaghetti.
The lady adds salt, and spaghetti to boiling water.
The lady grabs a noodle to show how it should look when cooked.
The lady drains the water, adds sauce, and adds some of the cook water.
She puts it on a plate.
We then see the black credits rolling.
Two people are seen speaking to the camera with one holding a pot and the other handing him ingredients.
The other then mixes the ingredients into a bowl and pouts it into a pan.
More people come in to take a bite as well as a young boy helping and the man continuing to cook.
Two men are sailing on the blue water, with their white boat with white flags, then they avoided the buoys on the water.
A plan written on a white paper with black pen, and then the plan is put into action, when the white boat sail on the water and turn around.
A man is seen kneeling down beside a car spraying a hose on the car.
He uses a sponge to clean around the car while others clean around the sides.
More shots are shown of them cleaning the inside as well as under the hood while the camera pans around.
Two people are shown holding fencing sticks and pointing towards each other.
They move back and fourth and match with each other.
An athletic woman is seen standing ready holding a pole in her hands and looking down and back.
She then holds the stick up and pole volts herself onto a mat.
She waves to the crowd and then walks away with others getting ready around her.
A guy is water boarding in a body of water.
The guy messes with his hair.
The guy gives hands gesture.
A boy is helping his father push a mower.
They turn back to the camera.
A person goes stand near the fence.
A bicycle flipped upside down is up against the wall as an orange change is shown.
A person then comes and removes the chain from the bike and places it on the ground.
The man then takes out a yardstick and begins to measure certain parts of the bike.
Pieces are then removed and tightened with the wrench and rings are placed inside by where the chain goes.
A woman is standing on a wooden floor.
She is raising and lowering her arms, changing to different positions.
She is displaying acts of tai chai for the camera.
A large group of people are seen riding along the water on boats.
One person crashes into another and shows a person speaking to the camera.
More clips are shown of the boats together and logos being shown.
A young woman is seen sitting in a kayak looking to the camera.
The girl then begins moving the paddle back and fourth.
She pauses her paddling to laugh off into the distance.
A man is seated in a chair with a hand drum as another man plays bongos behind him.
They play for an extended period together.
A man pours coffee into a mug.
The man grabs open a beer bottle with the use of a jug.
The man pours the beer into the mug.
The man drinks the drink.
Two men dressed in suits are facing one another with a hand on each others back, and holding hands with the other one and they dance in one direction, then back in another and then laugh and separate.
Right where the men separate from dancing there is an Asian woman that is now the focus as she plays on an accordion keyboard.
The woman stops playing, laughs and looks and says something.
A female gymnast stands idle while being watched by a crowd.
A close up of a second woman saying something is shown.
The gymnast performs a routine on a beam.
The female gymnast finishes her routine and dismounts.
People are shown applauding the gymnast.
The gymnast walks away from the beam.
A boat is seen riding along the water with people sitting on the sides and watching.
A young boy is then seen swimming underwater that leads into people riding the boat and driving around a city.
The camera continues to pan around the city as well as the nightlife.
A man is seen playing a bongo drum quickly moving his hands all around the instrument.
He continuously plays the drum while closing his eyes in concentration and ends by hitting his hands faster.
A girl is going across monkey bars on a playground.
She gets to the end and jumps onto the ground.
She puts her hands up in the air.
A person is riding a dirt bike over a hill.
Someone stands on top of a dirt hill.
People are standing on the side of the hill.
Two people are seen holding tennis rackets and hitting a ball around in a small room.
The men continue to hit the ball back and fourth to one another and run around the hit the ball.
Two men are in an inside court.
They play a game of racquetball together.
They take turns hitting the ball back and forth against the wall.
Two people are seen playing a set of bongo drums while singing and looking to the camera.
The men continuously play and end by stopping and smiling at one another.
A group of people are floating on rafts on a river.
They are paddling the rafts through harsh white water rapids.
The people fall out, and are pulled back in by other rafters before continuing on their way.
An older black male is standing in the kitchen ironing a dark grey t-shirt.
The man then pauses his ironing and looks at the person who is filming him and continues to put on his shirt.
A young lady is in a room rolling down a piece of grey and white wallpaper on a wall.
She is now on another wall and is using a utensil to smooth out the paper.
Then,she is shown cutting the grey wallpaper and brushing it.
Finally,she moves to another flower piece and begins to cut off the excess paper ensuring it is measured correctly.
The credits of the clip are shown.
A man stands in a stair rail holding a knife.
A guy prepare to play the drums.
The guy plays a drum set.
A man is standing on an indoor court with his racket in his right hand the racket ball in the left hand and is talking and motioning a lot.
The man then drops the ball on the court, hits it, then catches it when it returns to him.
The man continues to talk as he holds the ball and racket in his hands and the screen fades to black.
People are driving bumper cars and crashing into each other.
A green car crashes into a gold car.
A blue car crashes into a gold car.
Two men demonstrate jump rope stunts, tricks and techniques in an auditorium in front of a group of students.
A man in a grey track suit performs jump rope tricks in front of a group of students.
The man in the grey track suit finishes and the children clap.
A second man walks beside the man and the two men begin to perform more tricks and stunts including backflips and dance moves during the demonstration.
A woman is closing her eyes standing on a diving board.
She does a flip and dives into the water.
She swims to the surface.
A man stretches in front of the camera.
The camera cuts to scenes of the man on a small boat paddling.
The camera cuts to scenes of various men paddling boats from various angles, with different backgrounds.
The camera shows men putting boats away.
The camera shows several men in a car.
The camera shows quick clips of men exercising in a gym.
The camera returns to scenes of men paddling boats.
The camera cuts to accelerated footage of a car driving.
The camera cuts to scenes of men relaxing and tossing a ball around.
The camera cuts to a scene of a man sitting relaxing.
A girl wearing a scarf is seen talking to the camera and begins mixing various ingredients into a bowl.
She places the batter into circles on separate pans and shows the cookies she made after they are done.
A man is seen wearing an apron in front of sink stacked with many dishes.
The man begins washing the dishes in a quick motion and throwing them into a pile.
The man continues washing the dishes while looking back to the camera.
A cowboy runs out of a gate on a horse.
He uses a lasso to rope a calf.
He tries to tie up the calf, losing his rope.
A man standing or sitting behind a chopping board with vegetables on it equips a forearm-mounted knife.
The man talks to the camera while pointing the knife at the camera.
The man chops various types of items on the chopping board with the knife in sped up video.
The man removes the knife and manipulates the containers of ingredients around him.
The man re-equips the knife and resumes chopping.
The man removes the knife and manipulates the ingredients around him again.
The man re-equips the knife and resumes chopping again.
The man removes the knife and cleans up his work area.
A girl is kneeling on a pad, arms in the air.
She leans back, letting her arms touch the wall.
She repeats the action one more time.
A police officer is riding a horse down the street very slowly.
Many bystanders are walking by, cars are passing and casually moving along.
its just a normal day riding down the street protecting serving, making sure no crimes are being committed.
He rides with one of his hands on his gun and the other steering the horse.
A man in a green shirt is holding some papers and talking outside.
He starts moving some dirt next to a tree with his hand.
He steps away from the tree and continues talking.
Four people are in a pool hitting the ball back and forth over the net.
As they play,someone walks across the camera and then a set of boys are zoomed in on as they serve the ball.
The ball goes out on both sides and they are forced to get out and go and get it.
They get the large beach ball back and continue to hit it over the net to one another.
A woman is seen standing before a camera and begins putting lotion on her hands and rubbing it round her face.
The woman continuously rubs lotion all into her face and ends by looking into the camera.
The little boy is at the sink brushing the pot.
The boy lift the brush from the pot and brush the sink instead, then he put it in the pot.
The boy brushes the lid of the pot, and an adult put  plates in the pot and the boy took it out and dip the fork.
A woman is seen pushing a lawn mower across some grass while speaking to the camera.
The camera zooms in on plants in the yard and continues to follow the woman around as she cuts the grass.
The camera wanders through a bunch of plants and trees in the end.
People are driving a car down a street.
They are paddling in a boat down a river.
A man is standing in the water holding an oar.
Lawrence Welk is playing an accordion and directing his band.
He is joined by another accordion player.
The band stands up to plan and the camera goes back and forth between the accordion players and the band.
They continue to play the accordions with the band behind them.
Older people play croquet near the ocean.
A group of people come and walk by in the background.
The two groups play and interact with each other.
People are standing in a bull ring.
A bull starts chasing a man holding a colorful blanket.
Two horses are dragging a bull off the arena.
A close up of a bull is seen as well as another laying on the ground.
Another bull is seen running off into the distance and chasing a person.
Several people are seen running away from a bull in many shots as they chase them down.
Children of different ages are playing on a playground.
A couple of women are in the playground area talking.
A young woman holding a baby walks to a swing and puts the baby in the swing.
She then walks in front of the baby and sits in the adult seat attached to the baby swing.
Another woman walks past with a few kids.
The woman on the swing swings the baby while talking to him and making faces at him.
There are two young girls holding violins in their hands, standing with a music stand and a book with music notes behind them.
The older girl is helping and teaching her younger sister to properly hold the violin by changing her head position.
Then the older sister grabs her violin and tunes the strings of the violin.
Then older sister begins playing the violin while the younger sister watches her.
The older girl shows her sister how to play the violin.
Then they both begin to play the violin together.
Player practice lacrosse in a field.
Then, teams play lacrosse and a player score for his team.
A coach takes notes, and then players train lacrosse.
Then two teams play lacrosse in a field throwing the call with a stick.
A man is taking a tire off a hub with a tool.
He then puts the tire on top of the tool to finish taking it off.
woman is standing in a kitchen and is eating a cake full of cream.
a cake is in a pot on the counter, woman is speaking to the camera in the kitchen.
cake mix is beat with a mixer, the woman keeps talking and mixing the cake.
oil is in a pot.
woman holds a green pot full of sand and its putted on the pressure cooker.
put the mixer on the oily pot.
the pression mix is open and then closed while the woman keeps talking in the kitchen, after a ime she open the pot and the cake is ready.
a decorated cake is shown and the cakes along the pression pot.
A girl and a man are inside a high structure wearing bungee jumping equipment.
The girl get out and stand on the border of the structure, then while the man puts a rope behind the girl.
After, the girl jumps from the structure for a moment and then she gets up on the structure.
A person pours vinegar in a sink on a towel.
The person then uses the towel to rub the surface of the sink.
The person drops the towel and picks it up.
A woman is smiling sitting in a tattoo sitting on the chair waiting patiently, smiling and being over friendly.
He is wearing gloves and grabs a clamp then hr puts it in her mouth and clamps her lip with it.
Then grabs a needle and sticks it through her lip, he gets a piercing and puts it on for her.
After that she gets up off the chair and walks to the mirror to check it out for herself.
We see a man talking to two other men outside a warehouse.
Inside the warehouse we see a box the men ride their skateboards over.
The man falls off his skateboard repeatedly.
He flips the skateboard, and we see it in slow motion.
The man gets a hat, and we see the end screen.
A man jumps on a pile of boxes and we see the end screen again.
A gymnast mounts a high beam in a gym.
He flips and does several springs.
He then dismounts, throwing his arms up as he does so.
Several views are seen from the inside of a stadium.
A group of teams walk onto the field, cheering.
The crowd cheers as the teams make goals during the game.
An athlete is seen walking forward while shaking her arms and legs around and adjusting her swim suit.
The girl bends forward and performs a dive into the pool while the camera pans back to a scoreboard.
A news segment begins and black and white picture of a smiling girl appears on the screen and the banner on the screen says "HENRICO TEEN DIES AFTER RACE FATHER RECOUNTS DAUGHTER'S FINAL MOMENTS".
The newscaster appears with her parents talking about the girl while clips of the race play, and still shot pictures of the girl appear on the camera.
When the pictures and video clips of the interview and race are over, the newscaster is speaking alone back at the news station.
Three men wearing snowboards get out a ski lift, and a man tie his shoe.
Then, the men ski down a hill covered with snow.
A man bend his legs on the snow, then continue skiing with other men.
A man hits a ball with a tennis racket.
Another man joins him shortly after.
Several different angles are shown as the group of four play before an audience, hitting the ball back and forth quickly.
When they are done, the men walk away, patting each other on the backs.
A man wearing a hat is seen speaking to the camera and holding up various cleaning products.
He then holds up a bottle and rag and begins wiping down a class door.
He continues wiping down a door and speaking to the camera.
A female ballet dancer is in a studio room by herself wearing a purple leotard with a skirt attached to it.
She begins gracefully dancing throughout the room doing a series of turns and kicks all while on the tip of her toes.
Finally,she begins doing a series of tiny backward steps and finishes in the position she started in.
A track athlete walks down the path.
A female participant prepares to run.
She runs with a javelin over her shoulder, throwing it as far as she can.
She then runs away from the spot on the track.
man is standing in front of a gray car in a workshop changing a car wheel and talking to te camera.
first the man grab an hiyraulic jack and put it under the car, unscrew the bolts wit a wheel brace and pulls out the wheel and mount the new one, put the screws back again with the wheel brace and tightens.
man talking in front of the car and giving recomendations.
A man is talking to the camera.
A woman in an orange shirt is doing various karate moves.
She does a back flip on the mat.
Men stand on a steel platform high in the area and an instructor talks.
A man is seated on the edge of the platform and holds onto large ropes.
A patron runs and jumps from the platform wearing a budgie cord and he bounces on it as he reaches the bottom.
A man and a woman scrape frost off of a parked car's windows, windshield and wiper blades while a second woman talks to them from the side of the car in the snow.
A man in a long black wool coat scrapes ice off of a blue car's windshield while a woman in a black fur collared coat talks to him from the side of the car.
A second woman begins wiping snow off of the car's windshield wipers while talking to the woman in the fur hooded coat.
The man gets in the back seat of the car and shuts the door behind him while the woman in the fur hooded coat waves at the other woman who is moving towards the drivers side car door.
A man wearing only black shorts, sandals and a gear belt, climbs a rock using a rope in a natural environment filled with trees and foliage.
The man in the black shorts stands at the bottom of the rock and begins to climb the rock.
The man climbs from the bottom using knees to gain balance and a rope to steady when losing grip with the rocks.
The man reaches the top of the rock as the tan rope, behind, dangles.
A woman is seen standing on a stage stage with a single light shown and begins performing a dance routine.
The light is seen on the woman is leads into her on a lit stage performing a belly dancing routine.
The stage becomes dark again and the woman continues dancing all on the stage and holding a pose.
A guy rises to his feet.
The guy walks on a tight rope.
The guy turns to walk back.
The guy walks backwards on the tight rope.
The guy steps off the tight rope and smiles.
Three men dressed in fencing gear are standing in a gym.
The man in the middle is talking and the other two remain still.
The two men begin making movements as the man instructs them to, showing off the different fencing techniques.
They fight slowly, showing each step before culminating into the man's final words onscreen.
An intro appears and it has a logo and the words "outdoor interlaken +", and then yellow words and roman numerals appear.
The outdoor shop appears and it quickly changes to the inside of the shop where people are all gathered to get instructions, get dressed in helmets and safety gear, and prepare for white water rafting.
The people are then going outdoors where they practice on land on how to sit in the raft, paddle and etc.
When they are done practicing the all walk to the water with their rafts and they are all seen in the very rough waters going down and paddling and in their rafts where they end up in calm waters and jump out of their rafts to celebrate their success.
When they're done celebrating the people walk out of the water holding their raft and they end up in a vehicle where they are smiling and happy.
The outro appears with contact information, website,logos and credits.
A group of people is learning how to rollerblade.
Some peeople go in groups, but generally they are slow and awkward.
A camera pans around a fenced in are and leads into a woman holding a paint brush.
She brushes the side of the fence up and down while the camera continues looking around the side.
A girl lifts her arm and prepares to mount the balance beam in an arena.
The girl get on and performs a routine on the balance beam.
The girl is laying on the beam and does a flip to the standing position.
The girl flips across the beam.
The girl runs flips and dismounts the beam.
The crowd cheers and claps for the girl as she lifts her hands.
A group of people are talking next to a table with red solo cups and beer cans.
A woman puts a red solo cup under a man's nose.
A man tosses a ping pong ball into a red solo cup.
The floor is shown along with a person's foot.
People are dancing on a stage.
Two people are talking to a camera outside.
A ballerina does several twirls on stage.
A large group of people are seen sitting in a floor followed by people shooting bow and arrows and running around a course.
The kids continue running around one another shooting the bow and arrows and ends with a woman holding up her hand and showing a picture.
A person retrieves an instrument from a closet.
The man examines the instrument in his hand.
The person holds up the violin to his chin and gets ready.
The person plays a song on the violin.
The man finishes the song and lowers the instrument.
A baby boy is seated at a restaurant table.
He is eating a vanilla ice cream cone.
He takes a napkin and wipes his mouth before handing the napkin back and continuing to eat.
A diver is in the ocean in the keys of florida, he has a a pumpkin in his hand.
He goes down with another diver and they begin carving the pumpkins underneath the water.
They are craving about five or six of them making different faces.
Then they line them up and put some light inside or something as fish swim around them casually.
A woman is seen spinning two hoops around her hands while looking back to the camera and speaking.
She continues spinning around the hoops while pausing inbetween to hold them and speak.
We see a lady taking in a room and touching her hair.
There is a title screen.
The lady shows us the products and tools she uses on her hair.
We see the lady doing her hair.
The lady sections her hair and adds product.
The lady twists her hair around her finger.
The lady begin blow drys her hair.
We see images of the ladies finished hair.
A lady speaks with two pumpkins on a table.
A woman shows her palm.
A person carves a pumpkin.
A females gives an interview on carving kit.
Children hold pumpkins with smiles on their faces.
A man pulls the top of a pumpkin off.
The lady presents a knife and a smaller knife.
Two people sit with papers in front of them.
A small group of people are seen riding exercise bikes next to one another while a woman stands in the middle motivating them.
The people continue spinning around on the bikes with some struggling and others continuing to peddle.
A woman in a white dress belly dances outside near columns and trees.
The woman shakes her hips as she dances.
Credits appear on the screen.
The camera pans around a large group of people playing a soccer match on a field with many people watching on the sides.
The players walk around the field a bit and lead into them playing the game.
A person's hand then covers the camera and moves all around the area.
A man in a garage stands over a plank of wood.
The man takes some white paste out of a can, adds some coloring to it and mixes it.
The man applies the brown colored paste to holes in the wood.
Two men are seen jumping and kicking around one another performing various flips and tricks.
The men continue spinning around one another as well as performing gymnastics moves in different locations.
woman is kneeling down in the floor talking to the camera holding a bend slide and opens it  in the living room.
dog is walking behind th woman.
baby is walking to the woman and climb to the slide.
A black woman does a routine on the balance beam.
She spins, jumps, twirls, and flips.
She falls off, finishes her routine, and them dismounts to a clapping audience.
A child watches at a window while a man outdoors is shoveling snow.
He moves back and forth, picking up snow and moving it away from the door.
An athlete in a white and blue uniform prepares to compete in a Triple Jump competition in a track and field tournament.
The competitor gradually begins by running slowly then picking up speed to a sprint and landing one foot on the white marker line and two more hops on each foot and then jumps over the sand course.
The competitor skips and runs off of the track and goes to the spectator stands and celebrates his jump.
A close up of the competitors foot position landing on the white marker line is shown on a close up and the jump is shown in slow motion and at regular speed multiple times.
little kid is standing in a pool poining out a yellow bucket in the water and other peolpe is sitting in benches around the pool.
woman is carrying the child on his back and then she is with a man and the kid riding bikes in the park.
kid is running inside a roofed basket court.
kid is laying with a tennis racket.
A man and woman are sitting behind a desk talking.
A doctor is performing surgery in a room.
A woman in a red shirt is standing at a counter talking.
A woman wipes her mouth with a napkin.
A man holds a frisbee next to a dog, then the dog jumps above the back of the man and grabs a frisbee.
The man throws a frisbee and the dog runs to get it, after the man does tricks with the dog.
A person lie down with his feet up, then the dog stand on his feet and plays with the frisbee.
The man plays with the dog frisbee doing tricks and throwing the frisbee.
A man and a woman dance in a restaurant full of people.
The woman approaches a young male and touch his face, then the man gets angry and push the woman who ends on his arms and they continues dancing.
A fire appears on the floor.
A man puts two bread sticks on the nose while a woman watch with surprise.
The man helps a woman light a cigarette, then he flips and takes as red table cloth to make tricks, the the man and the woman continues dancing until they kiss while liquid come out of bottles and appears the moon at the end.
A black screen appears with yellow writing on it.
Once gone,a field is shown and a buff females throws a shot put into the field and a replay is shown.
A woman stands in a room holding a hula hoop.
She demonstrates how to use the hula hoop.
She spins it using her hips and talking to the camera.
Several clips are shown of robots fighting one another as well as the inside and outside of a building.
More robots are shown close up as well as people adjusting the robots and setting them down to fight.
The people continue using the robots and end by shaking hands and bowing with another man.
Various pictures of ingredients are shown followed by pictures of the ingredients laid out on a cutting board.
The pictures transition into more ingredients with hands covering them up and squeezing them into a ball.
Pictures and video of the food being cooked in a pan are shown followed by a person taking it out and cutting it with a knife.
Finally, a picture of the finished food product is shown.
A large group of people are shown sitting on the sidelines as well as various shots of athletes preparing for an event.
One woman is seen lifting a bar several times while her coach yells to encourage her.
She finishes her set and walks away with several other people nearby.
A man is rubbing sunscreen on his back.
A girl is laying down on a towel on the beach behind him.
A person in an orange shirt walks behind him.
The topic of the video shows how to play foosball.
It begins with a title screen.
Then a clip is shown of a little boy who puts a ball shaped like an eyeball on a foosball table.
A screen with words shows up.
Then, a clip is shown of two boys playing with the foosball table, one of whom is reading a magazine while playing.
Several additional clips appear showing the boys playing foosball in different ways.
The video ends with one of the boys falling asleep while playing.
A man is seen walking away from the camera and begins an exercise routine while speaking to the camera.
The man moves up and down a bar while swinging his arms around and walks to the camera in the end.
First the man puts pink lipstick on his lips and he says he's a joker.
Then he puts it on the side of his lips and the people laugh.
Next he puts 2 thick lines of it under his eyes and he says something, he also attempts to put it on his chin, but the video ends.
A hand is seen playing with a machine followed by shots of a beach and a young boy carrying a wind sail.
Many people stand on the beach walking around and leading into a man pulling up a sail on a boat and people preparing to wind surf.
