The man lays down and had a hard time breathing.
After putting down sand he drinks a warm beverage.
We see the ending credits screen.
A man runs past an approaching storm.
Surfers are seen in the water, and people are walking with their surfboards.
A group of women gather, and a praying mantis is seen.
Numerous surfers are then shown, going through and over various waves.
A production graphic is shown along with a link for more media.
This fades into a man starting to play the saxophone in his living room up to a microphone.
The man is now wearing sunglasses while playing, grooving to the music.
The man is shown back without the sunglasses.
Another window displaying the performer is shown in the corner of the video.
We see a man in a room in front of a bookshelf with a cookie.
The cookie is snatched from the man.
We see the face of a young boy.
We see ingredients added to a bowl.
We switch and see a cat.
We see ingredients in a mixer, then poured into a bowl then refrigerated.
We see the cat appear again.
A person shapes balls and coats them in powdered sugar.
The cookies are baked.
We see the man talking with a girl.
We see the cookies and two mugs.
We see the man with two kids.
A girl is nervous on the edge of a diviing board.
She falls in after standing up and then squatting again.
The woman in white sweater is talking to the camera.
The woman is holding a violin and stick.
The woman put the violin between her neck and shoulder and began playing for few seconds then talked to the camera.
A man in a black hat is standing on the street.
A person starts dancing on the street.
A man starts break dancing in front of a car.
A woman is sitting in a car barefoot, trying to drive.
She lights a cigarette as she drives.
Two men are seen standing on a tennis court holding rackets and speaking to the camera.
Several slow motion scenes are shown performing a correct tennis serve with the men demonstrating right after.
The men do this for several turns with one slow motion of a man performing the trick done afterwards.
A man with a guitar and a microphone performs a piece of music.
A black screen with a graphic of a white guitar and a website appear.
The man stops playing then the black screen with white guitar and website appear again.
A man is standing on a dark field.
He throws a frisbee through the air, and a dog catches it.
The dog chases and does tricks to get the frisbee.
A man is sitting down on the ground and has a skate show on one foot and a prosthetic leg for the other.
The man then puts the roller blade over his prosthetic and then follows with the other foot.
Once they are both on,he scoots to the grass and someone assists him as he gets up.
After he is steady,he gets up and goes rollerblading down the sidewalk before coming back and sitting on the pavement.
A group of athletes are on a track outside.
A man walks down the path, then runs.
He takes a giant leap into a sand pit.
Two men are sitting at a table.
The men engage in a game of arm wrestling.
One of them beats the other.
A person touches the skin with a green light while cleaning the area.
The person clean the leg with cotton.
The person continues applying the green light.
A person throws a bowling ball down a lane.
They knock the pins down.
They throw the ball at a spare and knock all the rest of the pins down.
A man is shown standing next to a tree holding christmas decorations in his hands.
He then hangs the decorations all around the tree while looking back and speaking to the camera.
A man stands on a field in an outdoor game surrounded by bleachers with people in them and performs a hammer throw.
The man spins the hammer around many times and then lets the hammer go to fly into the hair and land in the field.
A slow motion video of the hammer landing appears as the man looks happy with the score and dries off with a towel.
A young woman is seen standing behind a lawn mower in a yard.
She begins pushing the lawn mower along the yard.
She moves herself back on the lawn and looks into the camera.
We see the title screen for Howcast.
A lady is standing in a white room talking to the camera.
The lady shows us how to belly dance by dancing.
She shifts to her right then back and lifts her hips while belly dancing.
The lady shows how to lift your hips one at a time.
She pats her head and shakes her hips faster.
The lady shakes her hips faster and waves her arms over her head.
She stops dancing and stands still.
The ending credits load on the screen.
A news story is given about walking a slackline.
People of all levels walk, lie, and meditate on the rope.
Some people walk over oncoming canoers.
We see a newscaster in a studio.
We see a man operating 2 manual vacuum cleaners.
We see some old style vacuums.
We see a black and white TV clip.
We see the man vacuum and still from the museum.
We see a lady in black and white and in color.
We then see a factory and a man talking.
We see the man talking and see him near a vacuum.
We see an old print ad.
We return to the newscaster in the studio.
A man mows the grass around a tree.
The man gets stuck and the mower turns off, and the man has to pull the igniter.
Then, the man continues cutting the grass around the tree.
A young teen age girl is sitting in a large chair talking on the phone and making faces.
Two other females then begin dancing out front in the yard on a sidewalk.
The girl then grabs her sweat pants and begins teaching her counterpart different dance steps and the first female reappears on the phone.
There is a group of Korean Pop singers performing on a stage.
One of the singers is playing the violin while the audience cheers and claps for him.
Then another singer grabs the mic and talks to the audience.
The audience applaud and smile as they watch.
The performer sings as he plays the violin and then bows down in front of the audience.
The crowd cheers and claps for him.
Drawings of hand soap bottles and humans are shown.
A little girl is standing next to a white sink, she opened the faucet, wash her hand, rub her hand with soap, rinse her hand thoroughly, turned off the water and smiled at the camera.
We see a man preparing to throw the discuss.
He throws and walks away and we see it in slow motion.
We see the next man walk up and throw and we see it again.
A guy in yellow shorts throws and we see it again.
There's a man working a bicycle wheel with various tools.
He starts off by turning the axle of the wheel with a pair of tongs to position the axle in the center.
Then he fixes the center nut and uses a wrench to loosen it.
Then he uses his hands to remove the axle out.
He uses another tool to unscrew a washer out of the axle.
Then he uses a tool with a magnetic end to remove tiny metal particles out of the axle.
After that he cleans the inside rim of the greasy axle with his finger.
Then he takes the washer and cleans it further to fix it back into the axle.
A hand fills a cup with water.
A woman puts two glasses on the counter.
The woman puts beer and orange juice in a big glass, then she pours liquor in the small glass.
After, the woman puts the small glass inside the big glass.
A person moves their fingers around the center of a bike's wheel.
The person takes a black part and adds it.
The person adds a smaller black part and fastens it.
The person removes their hands from the center of the bike's wheel.
A shot of a playground is shown with various kids playing on the playground and riding down a slide.
More shots are shown of kids swinging and hanging up side down as well as moving a steering wheel and climbing to the top.
A large mat is seen with a bar on top and two people watching on the sides.
A man is then seen running in from the side.
The man jumps over the beam and stands up on the mat.
A camera pans around a mcdonalds and leads into a man speaking to a cashier.
Several shots are then shown of people playing rock paper scissors with employees.
When people win the game, they get a free ice cream.
A woman behind a fence watch a group of players in a field.
An old lady pass behind the woman.
People play hurling in a field.
A man is working outside a house.
He uses a hammer and clamp on the shingles.
He knocks each shingle off the house with the hammer.
A graphic logo is seen that is black and white in color with the letter "N".
A tv host stands in front of a camouflaged background.
Two girls are seen walking in a photograph in baseball uniforms.
A large group of fans crowds on a baseball field and surrounds a famous singer doing a performance.
A red handball is rolled to a kicker during a kickball match who kicks it into the outfield for a run.
Another man in tshirt and black sweats kicks a ball and runs around the bases trying to avoid being tagged with the ball.
The same man rides on a skateboard in the city.
The man is seen again in an up close video in a room.
A woman is talking and is excited.
She pulls out a pink sweater to iron.
She irons the pink sweater.
A man is running through a concrete sidewalk with steps in his Kangaroo shoes.
More people appear and they too begin to jump throughout crowds of people.
A black and white video shows two people in a bedroom, playing guitars.
They continue throughout the video, shaking somewhat as they play.
A person is seen wiping down a rag followed by several ingredients attached to her hip.
She sprays down the rag and is then seen again washing various windows around an office.
She wipes down door handles as well and then puts the rags into a washing machine, hanging up the pole in the end.
A motorcyclist is in the bed and is woken up by an alarm clock.
The motorcyclist gets out of bed and prepares to leave by bathing using the bathroom and reading the newspaper.
He rides the motorcycle down the hall and into the elevator.
He exits the building and rides the motorcycle into a casino where he performs several tricks as people watch.
He exits the casino and the closing credits show up on the screen.
A woman is seen looking beyond the camera and showing the back of her head.
She holds up various products and rubs them through her hair.
She then pits up her hair while hairspraying it and feeling the texture afterwards.
She finishes pinning up her hair and looking back at the camera.
A man and woman are seated on a porch.
The man plays bongo drums while the woman helps occasionally.
Another hand is seen banging a drum in the foreground.
A little girl is sitting in a rocking chair.
She puts on compact makeup from a case.
She then applies eye shadow and lipstick.
A woman and her child are outside of a cabin sitting on a wooden table talking to one another.
The camera then pans the cabin and a large mountain of snow is shown.
After,the woman and her daughter are seen on a flat standing ski lift with large donut tubes following behind them.
Once they are at the top,they get into the tubes and race to the bottom along with several other people who are also at the place.
A baby is shown floating upside down in a pool.
Trainers are teaching the child how to stay afloat.
He is learning how to swim, keeping himself above water.
A windsurfer rides along choppy water across a canal with other riders in the background.
The makes a turn of direction on his windsurfing board and pumps back and forth to maneuver it.
A group of windsurfers ride together around a small dingy boat.
A man is seen sitting on a bench holding a guitar and speaking to the camera.
He points to microphones in front of him and begins strumming the guitar.
The man continues to play while moving his hands all around and stopping to look at the camera.
We see a game of Foosball being played.
We pan up and see the players.
We see the players on the left.
A person spins the second from right bar.
A young man is standing in an open doorway with his hands over his head palms facing towards him on a bar secured at the top of the doorway.
The young man lifts himself up and places his feet in the gap between the bar and the top of the door frame.
The young man lowers his body, extending himself the full length of the doorway, hands behind his head, elbows out.
The young man does two sit ups.
The camera shows the top of the doorway focusing on the bar and the young man's feet secured at the top of the doorway.
The camera returns to the full view of the young man doing sit ups in the doorway.
The young man does three more sit ups.
A young boy wearing sunglasses is shown pushing a long a lawn mower across a lawn.
The camera continuously follows him as he moves back and fourth with the mower on the lawn.
Finally a picture of him sleeping on the couch is shown.
woman is sitting on a wooden bench talking to the camera.
woman is doing somersaults on a large green grassy field.
woman is making a jump and slide and fell into the grass.
person is walking inside a house to an open field holding a baseball bat.
perso is walking with a handle stick behind some men running around the field.
some papers are shown and women selling lacrosse tshirts, in a game, people are gathered around the field.
players walks from the dressing rooms and are in the field playig.
players are stading in line clapping at the end of the game, results are shown in the end.
Two men play pingpong using different tricks.
A man shows off a camera box, and the ping pong player uses it.
The box busts open so the player uses a camera part to play.
He uses a battery to hit back, and then uses a different tool.
Various strange objects are used to play the game.
The man breaks an egg with the ball.
More strange items including a bat, watch and candy bar are used.
The man is filmed uploading the video to YouTube.
A military procession carries a coffin and goes through a funeral ceremony.
A news anchor talks in a newsroom.
A coffin and is carried by a wagon along with military personell.
A military man presents a flag to a guest.
A man with a prosthetic leg and a woman ride horses with trainers with a trainer alongside.
A journalist rides with a man in football jersey along a sidewalk.
A horse trainer talks near a forested area.
The man in a jersey stops on the horse as he approaches the funeral procession.
man is talking to a camera and holding a knife and some magazines.
man holds the knife and shavea small piece of his arm.
man grabs some rocks from a cup of water and sharp the knife.
man use the knife to cut the magazine.
A man is seen in several shots on a skateboard in a dark warehouse.
The man then begins jumping on his board to demonstrate moves.
He continues jumping around the room while the camera captures his movements.
A large group of people are seen standing around a horse track and leads into several men sitting on horses and one riding around swinging a stick.
The men then begin playing a game on the horses and shaking each other's hands.
The princess then hands a box to one of the players and stands near several others holding a trophy.
An individual uses a vacuum cleaner hose to play with a dog.
The camera switches to a more side view of the dog.
The camera switches to a more top down view of the dog.
man is talking to the camera cleaning a wooden shed and start painting it.
the man mix the paint and with a brush varnish all the shed.
at the end the man talks to the camera and shows the materials list.
A woman in pink dress is clipping the right paw of a white cat who is sitting on her lap.
She took the left paw to clip, the cat looked up and the woman looked down and gave her a quick kiss on the head.
The cat looked up while the woman is clipping the right back paw of the cat.
While the woman is clipping the left back paw, the cat was blinking to the camera.
A woman bends over in a ballet pose.
She then faces the camera talking.
She displays more ballet moves.
She finishes with the low fifth position.
A little girl is shown playing table tennis, hitting the ball extremely quickly back and forth over the net.
Some of the balls fly past her, but she continues hitting new balls without pausing.
A large group of people are seen wearing protective hear and wandering around an area speaking to one another.
Another person runs in and speaks to the others while holding a gun and others aiming over the sides.
A woman grabs a toy giraffe while others react and others watch in the distance.
A man is scooping out the inside of a watermelon.
He eats a piece of the watermelon.
He draws on the side of the watermelon.
He starts cutting out portions of the watermelon to carve it.
He pulls out a piece of the watermelon skin.
He continues drawing and cutting the watermelon.
He shows the carved watermelon.
The lights turn off and he shows the carved watermelon.
There is a woman in a white blouse along with a man in a white shirt in a studio practicing ballroom dancing.
They are in a room with a wall full of mirrors.
The lady is explaining the steps of the dance as they both demonstrate the moves and foot work involved in the dance.
They go back and forth as they take their steps while holding each other's hands.
People are playing the drums in a room.
They begin marching back and forth in the room.
A person in the back is playing the symbols.
A large man is dancing inside a dark room.
People behind him laugh and clap.
He is throwing darts at a target in the distance.
A person is seen walking around a field followed by several shots off the field and people watching on the sides.
The video transitions into several shots of trainers doing tricks with their dogs using frisbees.
The people continuously throw the frisbee around the field while the dog chases afterwards and runs around the field.
The video leads into several shots of different people riding around windsurfing while passing one another.
A man is seen talking to the camera and leads into a shot of a person wind surfing and waving to the camera.
More people are shown surfing and waving to the camera while moving around the ocean continuously.
The woman in the field is standing behind the net.
The woman swirl around and threw a heavy metal towards the field.
The field has people in the, a man is running.
The athlete in pink top is walking forward.
An athlete with Barrios tag on her shirt is standing behind the net.
The woman raised the circular metal and she started to swirl around and threw the metal.
The metal hit the field.
A man is running towards the white circle on the ground.
A woman is stretching behind the net.
She swirl around and threw something towards the field.
Two men running towards each other.
The woman gave a hug to other woman.
The green field has audiences on the sides of the field.
A man stands in a bathroom in front of a mirror, holding a razor.
The man begins speaking to the camera while showing the razor and its various parts.
Soon he begins shaving his face while looking in the mirror.
Afterward, he resumes speaking to the camera and showing how the razor performed.
The man places the razor on a charging stand which shows a light illuminating, and then picks it back up.
The video ends with the man touching his face to demonstrate the smooth job.
A man with an umbrella is wiping his car during the rain.
He smiles at the camera and begins to talk to the camera person.
A store front is seen from the outside.
A store owner stands behind a display wall and discusses.
Paintball players run through a grassy court with obstacles and aim their weapons.
The store owner displays different face masks for the sport.
A German man is throwing a discus in competition.
He drops the discus and then walks away.
A replay is shown and he looks sad.
There's a woman with red colored hair wearing a black tank top and printed black tights skating on roller blades through the streets of a city.
The streets don't have any cars but people are riding bikes or skateboarding.
The woman swiftly skates through the crowded streets as she passes by several tourists walking leisurely.
A guy type walks on a rope while holding a selfie stick recording him self.
the guy type walks across water on a rope that has a short distance from the dock to a boat edge while people watch.
guy's also bounce and do tricks on a pink type rope as well.
guy's try to type walk across the water but falls in and some make it across.
A small group of people are seen riding around bumper cars and crashing into one another.
The group continues driving around and passing one another.
The people continue driving the cars and passing one another.
A camera zooms in on various foods and ingredients as well as a pan on a stove.
A person wearing gloves is seen spreading food onto a plate followed by a large pastry and spreading butter on it.
The person continues making layers and then undoes the cake and shows off the solid cake.
She takes tape out and then rolls out more dough and spreads it along the cake, showing off the finished result.
We see a man in an orchestra making faces.
The man then stands and plays the violin.
We see people at lockers.
We go back to the man playing the violin.
We see the people in the locker.
We see the playing man and then the crowd stands and claps.
The man smiles and waves.
An Asian male is standing on a hard wood floor and begins talking and begins to do a spin on his head.
After the clip,he comes back and shows how to properly place your hands on the floor.
As he continues,he grabs a beanie and puts it on his hand to make him turn easier.
The man then does the twist continuously and shows off the cricket position before returning to talk again.
People raft down a narrow river between two mountains.
People rafting passing troubled waters in the narrow river.
People sail down the rocky river in an open space.
A group of people go to a bowling alley and fail hilariously.
A woman talks to the pins and figures out how the pins are set up and replaced.
People are standing in a swimming pool.
They are playing a game of water polo.
A woman throws the ball into the net and it's caught by the goalie.
People run dragging a large red kite through a field.
The kite is in the air and the kids are standing under it watching it.
The kite is in the air flying.
A man and a little girl and a boy are flying the kite and holding the base of it.
A little girl throws something on the ground.
Men are playing indoor tennis inside a building while soccer is on the tv in the background.
They hit the ball back and forth for a while.
Other men in the room occasionally look up.
A boy is drawing with chalk on concrete as he deals with the troubles of family life and school.
He finishes drawing hopscotch boxes on the concrete as he begins to jump on the squares and begins to dance only to be reminded of the bullying at school.
The young man is seen now break dancing and going through a routine.
Back at home with his troubled family he is eating and day dreaming of dancing as the scene goes back to him dancing.
He stops dancing to look at the hopscotch squares that are now faded and worn.
In the classroom as the teacher is walking through the rows of desks he notices the young man asleep at his desk as he uses a ruler to tap him on his head to wake him.
The young boy notices a note at his desk that has a picture of the hopscotch squares that says "teach me" followed by a smiley face.
The credits roll as the concrete and the chalk marks of the hopscotch squares are shown.
These people are playing tug of war against sumo wrestler who are more than 4 times their size and the small people win against them.
In the end the people and sumo wrestlers take selfies and the sumo wrestlers open the fanta and throw it on each other.
A person takes out cheese from a box, then he takes a jar that puts on the counter with two napkins, then he opens the fridge.
A man puts water on his face while holding a pail, then takes a sponge and throws over the table.
The person puts two bottles and two slices of bread on the table, then he slices the cheese.
After, the person puts the cheese and jam on the bread, then he eats the sandwich and drink soda from bottle.
A baseball player hits a run on a sporting field and runs the bases making a home run.
Players kick a ball and run the bases on a baseball field.
The catcher has fun while dancing.
A kick is caught midair by the baseman and the player is out.
A group of swimmers cliff dive into a body of water surrounded by onlookers, large rocks, buildings and boats, in a judged competition.
The swimmers jump off a man made metal cliff wrapped in sponsored advertisement art and graphics.
A group of judges hold up scorecards with numbers on them as car drive by on a nearby street and onlookers sit side by side on a raised wall watching.
Two swimmers hug while one swimmer jumps up and down and three more hold up trophies.
A teen boy has a bunch of darts in his hands.
He throws each dart, trying to hit his target on the wall.
A cell phone camera above the dart board records as he throws, then gets hit by a dart before falling onto the carpet.
A man at a professional sports event, lifts a large and heavy weight using knees, back and arm strength while a woman in a suit watches from the sidelines.
A man wearing a "USA" shirt, or team uniform approaches a two sided weight as a woman watches from the side near a door.
The man lifts the weight and the camera shows the process in slow motion.
The man lifts the weight over his head and then drops it to mid body before letting it fall to the floor, at which he point he waives at an unseen audience, all while the woman on the sideline continues to observe.
A lady plays pool alone indoors.
The white ball falls off the pool table.
The lady picks up the white ball from the floor.
We see the opening title screen.
People are putting on their supplies and riding in rafts down a river.
We see the location name and the resort shots of the restaurants, bathrooms and more.
We see people dance and play games outdoors and in a room in groups with balloons and dancing.
We see people zip lining in the jungle.
Teens drive electric bumper cars in an oval circuit while people watch behind the fence.
Two girls in a yellow car get stuck,but then they continue driving.
All the cars are stuck on the track, then one car gets out and the others get free to continue driving.
Then, all cars stop and the teen get out the cars.
A group of men standing beside each other are all bent forward chugging beer through very long straws.
There are people in front of them watching them and pointing at them as they chug.
They made it a game they are racing to see who can finish first.
They all stop around the same time and the people watching continue to be very rowdy.
A trainer wearing a wet suit gives a walrus treats and the walrus nods his head up in town in excitement at the beginning of a show.
The trainer plays a small saxophone and the walrus nods and is given a treat.
The walrus is handed the saxophone and it plays it while the dancing with the trainer.
Multiple colors and designs flash across the screen.
Women gather onstage as they are about to perform.
The women dance and jump, leading a zumba routine.
Two men and a woman are seen walking up onto a stage while a group of people are seen behind them in mirrors.
The three then perform a dance routine while the people in the audience follow from behind.
The man pump up the crowd and continue dancing as the others follow along in the mirror.
A man wearing a cowboy hat, sunglasses and yellow latex gloves is standing next to a horse in a stable.
He is using a blow dryer to dry the horse's wet body.
He moves the blow dryer back and forth all over the horse's back to dry it.
He is also uses a scrubbing brush on the horse's back to clean the horse.
A woman pours ice into a glass.
She puts shots of alcohol into the glass.
She shakes it and pours it into another glass.
She puts a straw in it and holds it up.
A man in an orange jacket holding skis is walking on the snow to a hill.
The person holding the camera puts their skis down and holds the poles.
The man in the orange jacket skis down the hill.
The man holding the camera follows.
They ski down the snowy hill.
The man in the orange jacket can be seen in front of him skiing.
They both stop and talk to a lady at the bottom of the hill.
He takes off his glove and pulls his cell phone out.
A man in a blue coat walks up to them and talks to them.
A man is on a stage amongst bright flashing lights and music.
He is quickly playing a violin for the audience.
He pauses to dance, then goes back to playing as they clap and cheer.
A woman is seen hosting a news segment that leads into a clip of a dog jumping.
People are shown doing tricks with their dogs and running all across a field.
More clips are shown of people throwing frisbees and dogs following after.
We see Ellen playing table tennis.
A Table tennis player comes out.
The new match is played.
The man holds his arms out.
Ellen ducks down near the table.
The players shake hands, the lady hugs Ellen and laugh.
We see the ending screen with Ellen on it.
There is a hopscotch board drawn with chalk on the pavement.
A little girl in green takes her turn and then more of her friends follow after.
All three girls stand and then drop a bottle cap to move forward  with their jumps.
They play different variations of the game just having fun doing so and when its over one of the girls throws her hands in the air.
A man sitting in a raft in water talks to the camera.
The man demonstrates techniques while talking to the camera.
The man rafts downstream while paddling.
A man is playing a ukulele for a woman while a man watches from behind a curtain.
Suddenly, the video cuts to several different people doing window washing tricks.
The video ends with a man on the phone doing a comedy skit about windows.
There's a young man skateboarding through a two lane empty road that has trees on both sides.
He goes steadily through the long and winding road without stopping.
He passes through curves and turns around to adjust his speed.
Then as he approaches a steep curve, he tries to turn but ends up falling down and bruising himself.
He gets up immediately and shows his friends his scraped and injured elbow.
Another friend of his also shows his injuries that he's had from skateboarding.
People in harnesses walk on a platform with trees far below in the background.
The man sits on a bench and is hooked to a large white rope.
The man shakes a lady's hand.
The man stands and walks to the edge of the platform assisted by two people.
The lady then pushes the man off the edge and the camera pans down to watch the mans' bungee jump.
A man with stick holds it out and the man catches it and they release the man from the rope.
People on a boat suit up in scuba gear then jump into the water.
Scuba divers swim through a cave area.
A tropical beach is seen.
Sea turtles graze and swim in the ocean.
Various fish are seen swimming through the reef.
A manta ray swims in the ocean over a reef.
A man in shorts is shown in front of some bushes and is trimming them with a manual trimmer.
He is being very precise and going a very detailed job.
He goes up and down the length of the bushes and is paying attention to every part of them.
He then moves higher and higher getting the very top of the bush.
A person is riding inside a boat on the water.
They are dragging a person on water skis.
The person stays upright as they are pulled quickly through the water.
The young female is standing in the kitchen talking to the camera.
The female put the pasta in boiling water, chopped the garlic and pour olive oil in the pan, she shredded the orange peel and put in the pan and added tomatoes and seafood.
The woman drain the pasta, and put it on the sauce and put them in the white bowls.
A man plays the saxophone in various public settings while the audiences watch.
The man plays while laying on the ground.
A security guard accosts him and escorts him away.
The man stands up and walks away while playing.
More scenes of the man playing the saxophone in various public settings are shown.
Two buses are parked in a parking lot.
People are walking in front of it in the snow.
A person is shoveling the snow in front of them.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera while holding up various objects.
The puts tape on he eye and begins putting eyeliner above her eye.
She continues putting the makeup on while speaking to the camera and takes off the tape in the end.
People are working out in a gym.
People are working out on spin bikes.
A woman in a yellow tank top talks to the camera.
A woman in a green tank top talks to the camera.
A cooker shows ingredients to make salad pasta while talking.
The cooker puts pasta on a square container and adds vegetables.
Then, the cooker adds cheese, broth, white cream, salt and then he mix it.
The man serves the pasta with a piece of tomato and he taste the salad.
A man is seen standing in a garage and proceeds to play a set of bagpipes.
The man continues playing the instrument while moving his hands around and stops in the end to turn off the camera.
The bottom of a murky river is shown and then it flashes to the name of the springs.
A group of people are shown and they begin to get floats and play and float throughout the springs.
Two kids are on the rocks together and they catch a dragonfly.
After,various group of people are shown and a couple floats together with a dog sitting on the male's lap.
A woman exercise sniping a stick on her hand in a filed.
The woman exercise on front the ocean spinning the stick on her neck.
Then, the woman throws the stick on the air.
After, the woman pass the stick from hand to another on her folded arm.
A professional tennis match is played during a tournament.
The players talk on headsets during the match.
A man prepares to serve the ball to start the match.
The man serves the ball and scores a point.
The opposing team has a turn to serve the ball.
A grey car is parked on a driveway, then a person washes the rims of the car.
After, the person spreads soap on the car with a bottle joint to a hose, after he brushes the front light of the car.
Then, the person cleans the hood with a cloth.
Next, the person rinses and dries the car.
People gather in a restaurant, then a cooker shows pasta and ingredients while talking.
The cooker cuts and fries squid in a pot, then he adds salt and vinegar.
Then, the cooker cut tomatoes and add to the squid, also adds garlic, pepper and green vegetables.
After, the cooker adds water and covers the pot with aluminum paper.
Next, the cooker add the pasta to the squid and mix, then he and serves in a dish while talking.
A man plugs a cable into his guitar.
He begins playing the guitar.
He looks up and speaks.
He goes back to playing his guitar.
He looks up again and speaks as he makes hand gestures.
He begins playing his guitar again.
He glides his finger along his guitar.
We see a title screen fade in and out.
A man and a dog walk in a training room.
The man throws Frisbees for the dog to catch.
The dog stands to catch the Frisbee the leans on the man.
The dog jumps into the man's arms.
We see the ending title screen.
People are playing beer pong at a party.
People are drinking drinks from the table.
A glass of beer is shown.
A young woman is seen kneeling in a tub with clothes all around her.
She steps on the clothes and bends down again to scrub them while the camera pans around her.
She holds up the clothes and continues to wash them as well as a man stepping into frame to help.
Two people are seen moving back and fourth on a large mat while fencing with one another.
The audience cheers as they finish and ends by showing the match again in slow motion.
A guy shows you how to hold a small sharp ending stick in your hand and between your fingers to use as a weapon.
The man shows you how to throw the sharp ended stick into the wall and make it stick from different distances.
A man sits on a toilet with her leg up.
A person holding a camera walks into the bathroom.
The man rubs shaving cream on their legs.
He begins to shave his leg in the sink.
A man is painting a room.
He stands on many ladders to reach the walls.
He poses in front of a fireplace.
A man starts doing different things such as sneezing,cooking,using the restroom,and washing his face indicating when to wash your hands.
A female then comes along and walks to a sink in the kitchen and begins to lather her hands.
She then turns on the faucet and rinses her hands,dries them,and puts the napkin in the trash can.
There's a NBC news reporter wearing a red sweater and white shirt talking about dog grooming by Scissor Wizard a grooming company.
The representative from the company is talking about the services they offer and how those dogs participate in dog shows.
A groomer is seen using shears to creatively trim the dog's hair and even dye it in colorful shades of red, green, yellow and blue.
A person sits holding a laptop while a woman curls her hair.
The woman takes a lock of hair and puts above the head, then she curls the hair with a curling iron.
The men riding the horses are playing polo in the field.
The men are chasing the ball and hitting with mallet.
A player hit the ball and then ran after it, behind him are other players.
A woman stands on front a paint holding a bottle, and then paintings on canvas are shown in a slideshow.
Then, the woman paints two canvas using a bottle, when it is necessary the woman rotates the canvas.
Then, the woman puts the canvas on the floor and continues painting with the bottle.
After, the woman hangs the paintings on the, then she puts the paintings on the floor and then hang on the wall to continues painting.
A girl hits a pinata with an orange, toy bat.
The bat falls and the girl picks it up.
Behind her, a boy demonstrates how she should hit and cheers her on.
The credits of the clip are shown.
People are loading inflated tires into the body of water.
People are floating on inflated tires.
People are spraying elongated water guns.
People are paddling canoes down the body of water.
A guy present his can of beer.
The speed of the video is accelerated.
Two kids are seen sitting in a bath tub with one holding a bucket and the holding smiling and laughing.
The boy pours the bucket over his face and a hand gives him a towel while the girl also splashes her face.
The sprays water again with the bucket and rubs his eyes.
An image is shown of an album cover that leads into a young man playing a harmonica slowly.
The man rocks back and fourth to the song and interments between pictures of a band and himself playing.
A sink is shown full of dirty dishes and leads into various products shown off.
A person then scrubs the dishes and begins putting some of them into a bucket.
They wash the dishes continuously while stacking them in a rack off to the side.
An intro is shown of maps and a house close up.
Afterwards a close up of a roof is shown as well as logos.
More pictures are shown of trucks parked as well as logos.
A person pulls the rope of a camel that a man sits on.
A man pulls a camel with two people in the desert.
Two women are close to the camels.
A car pass behind the camels.
A red and blue triple-A logo is pictured on a white screen and then the screen flashes to a big snow truck.
Once the truck is gone,there are various people plowing through the snow in attempt to get it off of the roads and to clear a walkway.
After,a young Black male begins to talk and illustrate the snow on the cars as he represents the Public relations aspect of triple A.
As the man continues to talk,a man with of bucket of water is shown and there is no longer any water on his car.
After awhile, another man is pictured shoveling snow off of his car and then getting inside to adjust the radio,suddenly,the man is back outside and is scraping off snow from every aspect of the car including, windows,exhaust pipes, windshields,and tail lights then the black male comes back and continues to talk.
Men are dressed in soccer gear that have the PEPSI logo on their shirts and they are playing on a grassy field.
Very large sumos start walking on the field with their own soccer ball in hand, and the soccer men approach them and the sumo points over to the PEPSI cooler filled with soda.
The men and sumos begin a soccer game against one another and when a man tries to make a goal a sumo blocks the entire goal and in various other moves the sumo wins including a goal when a sumo fell and the soccer ball flew into the net.
A man grabs a pepsi can and throws it to a sumo and all the sumos run to the cooler, drinks a pepsi, then they're shown walking off with the pepsi cooler.
A man in a brown coat and hat is shoveling the snow from his driveway.
Pictures of the man are being shown.
The man gets out a snowblower and starts snowblowing his driveway.
A woman in a blue coat is talking.
The man continues snowblowing before talking to the camera.
A group of people play ping pong with automated machines and robots.
One man plays ping pong with an orange machine with a red paddle attached to the end of a robotic arm.
A man and a child play ping pong across a blue ping pong table as a man appears standing next to an orange automated machine and talks.
Another man plays ping pong across a blue ping pong table with a white, metal, robot.
A man in a suit and tie talks while a hand places an orange ball into the automated two prong hand of a white robot before going to an area in a room filled with orange robotic machines.
A woman wearing scuba diving gear is under the water.
She explores the ocean floor, looking at the fish and wildlife as a man swims behind her.
They give ok signals to the person with the camera.
A woman is in a home gym, talking to the camera.
She demonstrates how to use exercise equipment, pedalling and pulling ropes, even while sitting at a computer.
She talks to the camera for an extended period, peppered with training on the equipment.
A woman dances while another stands in the background.
A third woman sweeps the floor.
The second woman starts walking around with a towel under one foot.
The first woman stops dancing and starts walking around with a towel under one foot.
The sweeping woman stops, jumps, and waves before resuming.
The first woman pulls items out of a cabinet and places them on the floor.
A fourth individual is briefly shown in the doorway.
Two people does kick box in a boxing ring on front a crowd, while the referee turns around the boxers.
The referee fix the helmet of the boxer.
A stick fly and lands on the boxing ring.
A close up of food is shown followed by a person putting various ingredients into a mug.
They mix around the ingredients, put the mug in the microwave, and take it out in the end showing off the cake.
A man is seen holding a stick up and leads into clips of men playing field hockey.
Men are seen running up and down a field chasing after a ball and scoring a goal.
Several clips are shown of people playing this game as well as celebrating with team mates.
A man is standing outside of a large window and begins to clean it with a long stick.
One the window is wet,he takes the razor like stick and drags it up and down getting the water off.
After the two top windows are complete,he leaves the other two untouched and walks away.
Two male kids are outside on a driveway talking to one another.
Once they have finished their conversation,they begin skateboarding down the road into an open park.
The two boys arrive at their destination stop and talk then one takes off and the other boy follows him and they keep rollerblading.
A group of men are standing on a diving board and they take terms jumping off of the diving board.
As the last person jumps off the board,a group of men are shown walking across the pool.
people are standing in a hair salon sitting on chairs.
woman is standing behind anoter drying her hair combing it and talking to the camera.
woman is sitting on a chair while woman behind her is drying her hair.
A gymnast is seen standing on a beam and begins performing gymnastic moves on the beam.
The girl spins and flips all along the beam while the camera captures her movements.
She ends her routine but jumping down off the side with her arms up and walking away.
An athlete is seen spinning around and throwing a discuss while men on the field run to track his score.
The athlete walks away and another steps up and throws the discuss.
Several more people step up to throw the object and ends with one athlete winning and walking away.
people is in a court stretching and making exercise, jumping the rope and weightlifting.
man is talking to the camera and the people practicing capoeira, doing suicides and weightlifting are training.
The man in the corner kicks the ball straight into the net.
The team runs around the court celebrating.
A man in the stands climbs over the railing and runs onto the court celebrating.
The group is in a bunch celebrating on the court.
One of the players kicks the ball into the stands and walks off with his head down.
A few players are standing in the corner looking like they are arguing.
A bunch of players and spectators run the court toward the melee.
Men are running along the edge of the court.
The small group is still arguing and holding back fights.
A small group is having an animated discussion.
The two men walk back on to the court as the group starts talking again around the court floor and edge.
There is an old man doing Tai Chi on a sidewalk while pedestrians walk by.
The man continues doing Tai Chi on the sidewalk as several people walk by him.
He then stands next to some well pruned shrubs and continues his exercise in the open while it rains heavily.
He then takes his shirt and walks away after he is done with his Tai Chi exercise.
A man is seen jogging on the side of the road as well as speaking to the camera.
Clips are shown of him warming up on the side and running up along mountainsides.
He continues speaking to the camera while running around a neighborhood and people showing off his movements.
Several men are seen hosting a news segment that leads into clips of people playing a game together and arguing with one another.
More shots of people playing are shown as well as people celebrating and walking away.
More shots are shown of the hosts speaking to one another and people hitting the ball and walking away.
A close up of shoes are shown followed by a person holding the shoes and rubbing polish around the shoes.
The man then rubs polish into the other shoe on the table as well as back to the one he started on.
He takes a brush and uses it on the shoe, ending with him grabbing the camera.
A man is skiin on a slope, quickly.
He turns as he passes between other skiers on the way.
The man continues until he is finished, then removes himself to the board and joins other skiers at the resting spot.
People in a home get ready to go sled on the street covered with snow.
Two young men sled on the road pulled by a car.
Splashes of snow falls on the young men who are covered with snow.
A young man stands from the sled and enters the car and other person takes his place on the sled.
A young men goes down the road sledding while snow splay on them.
A young person snowboards holding a rope attached to a car, at the end he falls.
We see a black title screen.
We see a man having his facial hair trimmed with an electric shaver.
We see a man being shaved with a straight razor.
We then see the closing screen.
Three men in white are doing karate moves in a room.
They do a few kicks in the air.
Two of the men start fighting each other.
A close up of a tool is shown followed by a person cutting along a rug.
The person continues using the tool along the sides and the camera fades to black shortly after.
Guys are playing hockey on an ice arena.
Some players are laid out.
A pile of players lay on a fallen athlete.
A player gets knocked to the ice and his helmet too.
A guy has a head injury and is blooding on the ice after he falls.
A band is seen playing several instruments on a stage while people dance around them.
The band continues playing while lights flash all around them and people continue dancing.
A woman wearing a dress is dancing on a stage.
Smoke is pumped out onto the stage behind her.
She bows at the end and steps back.
A man pulls a boot onto his foot seated in a chair inside.
The man fastens the straps on the boat.
A person shows the man how to fasten the straps on the boot.
The man shakes while trying to finish putting on the shoes.
A woman in a black shirt is talking in front of a Christmas tree.
She begins putting decorations on the Christmas tree.
She places a gold bow on the top of the tree.
Three women are talking in front of the tree.
Several pictures of seen of a man wakeboarding and leading into him speaking to the camera.
He demonstrates how to properly perform moves while standing on the lawn.
It follows into the man riding around on a wakeboard.
A lawn mower is shown on the ground.
A man starts the lawn mower and begins mowing the lawn.
They finish mowing the lawn and the lawn is shown.
A close up of a bike wheel is seen that leads into a person's hands pushing on the tire.
The person uses a tool along the tire to help move it along.
The person finally pushes the tire along it's sides.
An olympic fencing match is shown.
Each side scores points and then a new match is shown.
A christmas tree is shown followed by several people moving in fast motion hanging up a set of lights.
The people move all around the house up and down the ladder and end by turning off the lights to see.
A little boy is seated on the floor with a cup and a spoon.
He is eating a white substance as his mother comes to check on him.
He continues eating slowly as she walks past.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into various ingredients begin shown and a person slicing up cheese.
The person mixes ingredients together and lays them on slices of bread to create a sandwich.
The person presses the food into a presser and takes a large bite afterwards.
A woman stands in a kitchen, staring at the camera.
The person opens an oven and pulls out a tray of chocolate chip cookies.
The woman stares at the cookies, and a second batch is checked.
The woman scoops the cookies off the tray, loosening them.
Several people are longboarding and biking down a hill.
A person has a white glove and is holding onto the person in front of them.
Words go on the screen at the end.
A person jumps in the ocean and we see them being pulled on a line.
We see divers underwater and see sealife and people on boats.
A person with a camera on their head jumps from the boat into the water.
Two men wave and we see sealife including a dolphin swimming next to the boat.
A lady pretends to beat a man up by hitting him in the head while underwater.
We see the ending title screen.
A woman sits on a riding lawnmower in the distance.
The woman drives the lawnmower towards the camera.
The woman begins to turn the mower at a fence corner.
People are sitting down in chairs playing drums.
People are walking past on the sidewalk.
A person pushing a stroller walks behind them.
We see a blue title screen with white letters.
We see two girls standing in a room, then perform a flip.
We see 2 different girls do different flips.
One girl does a back flip.
We then see four girls do a back flip together.
A large arena is shown with a large screen showing the athletes in the field.
A man is then shown in a cage spinning around throwing a shot put that people begin to measure.
Another man approaches the circle,repeats the action and begins to jump up in glee.
More men approach the stand and it continues on until they have completed each of their turns then they turn to the audience and wave.
A group of eight people are white rafting in somewhat calm water as the two people in the back paddle them down the water.
The two people in the back continue paddling and the camera zooms in on them but the water is too calm for them to get the full experience and nothing is happening.
Lastly, a blue screen flashes and white words appear.
Two people are shown parasailing together across ocean water.
They move their sails around as they go.
A woman explains how to make a cake in a kitchen, then she puts four eggs and sugar in a bowl and beat with an electric mixer and add more ingredients to form a wet mix.
The woman puts solids on a big bowl and then add the wet mix, oil and milk, then mix with an spatula.
After, the woman puts the mix in a greased baking pan and make a syrup with orange juice in a pot.
Next, she put the baking cake on a dish and put syrup on top.
pitcher throw the ball to the batter playing criquet.
the batter is fighing with the man and other people trye to calm him down.
a lo of people wearing black unifroms are running in the field fighting.
An older woman sitting at the table reading her paper work.
Her husband comes up behind her and reads through it with her.
Roofers are on the roof fixing some issues, putting in some new shingles.
A woman on the phone with the company walks up and hands the phone to her husband.
A group is playing volleyball on a beach.
The men volley ball back and forth over the net.
One of the players falls on the sand.
An intro leads into several clips of different athletes performing shotput throws in a circle.
More men continue to step up and throw the object while many watch on the sidelines.
A person wash the dishes using a brush in a sink.
Then, the person wash the utensils while cleaning with the brush.
After, the person pours dishwasher in a glass and a cup, then brush and rinse.
A person wearing a large, white suit is shown spraying down a fence with water.
The person is shown from various angles performing the task and makes the fence look brand new.
A barefoot man is touching up a piece of wood furniture with a brush.
He then moves the piece around to show the scuffs and buffs them out with a brush.
The man shows the cleaned edges with his fingers.
A vast ocean view is shown as a wave crashes in.
This is repeated from several different angles.
People are then shown surfing through the waves.
women are walking on a lakeside and are putting their shoes and harness.
women are climbing a rock wall attached to an harness.
woman is going down and when is in the floor shake hands with he other woman.
A man is seen speaking to the camera next to a horse and leads into clips of him riding around on the horse and close ups of other horses.
The host speaks to another man while more shots of horses are shown as well as a man hitting a ball.
The men then ride horses and learn to play a sport and ends with the host speaking in a uniform.
A young girl with messy curly hair is standing in front of the sink cleaning a dish with a blue sponge.
She then rinses the top of the plate and hands it to somebody standing behind her.
As she grabs the next dish,someone comes along and puts another dish in the sink as she continues to dump water in and out of the container.
A large lake is seen with a man sitting in a tube as well as others looking around the area.
The men crash with one hitting up against a log and leads into the tube being moved around and the person sitting back on.
A person dips a paint brush into a pan.
They use the brush to paint the side of a table.
They use large strokes, continuing to paint.
There is a close up of several men and boys who are sweating.
They play rock paper scissors, and the loser becomes enraged.
He runs through the building and outdoors, screaming and hitting the air.
The man is shown sitting on a chair, talking.
He shakes up a bottle and takes a drink before choking.
They replay the game, ending with him again talking while sitting in the chair.
An add displays a web site about a business called happydogz.
Then, a man appears pulled by a dog, then adds display information about a retractable dog leash.
After,  a couple pulls two dogs from leashes.
After, adds display information about the leash.
a man is outside in his yard.
He is using a pressure washer to wash the leaves off his lawn.
He sprays them up and down, pushing them down an incline.
A camera and logo appear briefly.
A person wake boards on a lake while being towed.
They pass a person in the water.
They come to a stop by a dock.
A kneeling man attempts to start a fire while several others watch on.
One of the spectators walks away briefly.
The kneeling man starts a fire.
One of the spectators kisses the kneeing man.
Two men are dressed in fencing gear.
They are battling on a court with their swords.
Green lines occasionally indicate the moves they are making.
They stab at each other with the swords and jump about the stage.
An athletic man steps up before a track while holding a javelin ad standing ready.
The man runs down, throws the javelin, and walks back while his throw is shown again several times in slow motion.
In the end he is seen celebrating and running around the field.
Two sister toddlers enter in a kitchen, then one toddler wash the dishes in the sink.
The mother puts dishes on the sink and open the dishwasher.
The toddler sister helps with the dishwasher and then climbs the high chair and help wash the dishes and the toddler loads the dishwasher.
The mother stands near the refrigerator drinking tea and texting.
The sister toddler go down the chair and leave the kitchen.
Then, the toddler go down the chair, then she close and turn on the dishwasher.
We see two men fencing in a stadium.
A man throws his arms in the air.
The left man falls to the ground.
The left man throws his hand in the air.
We see the ending title screen.
People are in a boat while a person is attached to the back and waterboarding.
As a large splash of water flies into the air white words appear in the middle of the screen that say "Wipeout Bay of Plenty".
The person is shown from different angles waterboarding and then falling hard into the water multiple times.
A woman is posing on a diving board.
She springs backward into the water in front of a watching group.
A young man is seen sitting in front of a drum kit and begins playing the set of drums for the camera.
He continues playing the drums and finishes by hitting the cymbal one last time.
A woman is smearing a white cream onto her forehead and cheeks.
She spreads it around, smoothing it in.
A man fasten his legs on a pole of a sail boat an lay down on his back on the border of the boat.
Then, the man sail the boat holding a rope and lay down on the border of the boat.
The man falls in the water, then he gets up in the boat and continues sailing on his back.
A sail board pass next to the boat.
A man is riding a water motorboat in the ocean.
Beside him appears a man on a surfboard.
The man on the surfboard speeds past, leaving him in his wake.
We see a man preparing and throwing shotput.
We see a man running to measure the distance.
We see a man standing and measure.
We see people in the crowd cheering.
We see the people in the bleachers again.
We zoom in as the player walks away.
Two girls are on an indoor basketball court.
They are performing using batons and wearing purple dresses.
They spin and toss, throwing the batons into the air as they perform.
A lady is brushing her hair.
The lady brushes her hair from underneath.
115 The lady runs her hand through her hair.
The lady finishes and sits upright.
A woman is smiling at the camera.
The woman takes an iron and starts ironing a white shirt in small circular patterns.
The woman uses both hands to push the iron.
She resumes ironing with one hand in the same spot.
The woman inspects the star on the shirt.
The woman then resumes ironing the pattern.
The woman peels the paper away from the pattern and then resumes ironing.
The woman holds up the the shirt after she is done.
Two people are in a room, wearing fencing equipment.
They fight with swords, passing back and forth as they jab at each other.
men are standing in big field pulling a thick rope.
men are walking on sides of the rope and preparing themselves to pull the rope.
men start pullnig the rope in both sides.
A shoe polishing machine sits in a living room.
A man walks up to the shoe polishing machine a turns it on.
The man wearing blue jeans begins bushing his black shoes.
The man then begins brushing and polishing his brown shoes.
The man approaches the shoe polishing machine and brushes his grey sneakers.
The man crouches down and pulls out a dust bin from under the polishing machine.
The camera pans around a large group of people holding bows and arrows followed by several shots of them shooting the arrows.
Several man run across the field as they shoot arrows at them that lead into sword fights and people being injured.
People throw sponges at a man, fist fight, and shoot more arrows at others.
A man is sitting on a workout bench.
He lays back and starts doing crunches.
He sits back up on the machine and continues talking.
An older man is shown chopping at a downed tree with an axe.
he is trying very hard and not making much progress.
He seems to be frustrated and is trying again and again to chop of the tree.
He then looks at the camera and slightly smirks before continuing trying to cut the tree up.
He stops again and stares at the camera.
A closeup is shown of him trying again and again before zooming out.
The camera then zooms back in to his face as he continues on.
A girl is standing with a group of people on a long platform made of wood.
She is attached to a rope and with several people behind her then she is pushed off of the stand participating in a free fall.
The female falls then hangs down over the water for a long period of time.
A person is seen wearing slippers and holding a stick in their hands.
The person then begins walking around a room pushing the ball around with the stick.
The person continues hitting the ball while walking around the room.
A bunch of billiards players and shots are shown.
The shots are trick shots in the second half of the video.
A man wearing a bag is seen speaking to the camera and leads into a group of people riding in a raft.
One person paddles around and turns the ground around, leading back into the man speaking to the camera.
The camera pans around a large group of women sitting in chair knitting and speaking to one another.
Several shots are shown of women knitting and leading back into people helping one another knit and more pictures shown.
An intro leads into a boat full of people flying on the water.
The camera shows various angles of the boat moving along the water as well as close ups on the people on board.
A boat pulls a person out of the water.
They stand up and start water skiing behind the boat.
The person falls and lets go of the rope.
A sailboat with dark red plum colored sails is riding on the ocean.
The boat turns and we see it from behind as we move to the left side.
The camera zoom in and out then flashes to another angle.
We see the credits run over the video.
The camera follows a small child on skis as he or she maneuvers past a crowd of people.
The child skis down a slope with other people at various points along the trail.
The child stops as the cameraperson approaches.
A video of skier on a snowy hill shoots video of themselves as skiing as other skiers go past.
The skier goes past the ski lifts as they go around a corner and go past the lifts again.
They then turn back around and go under the lift and travel further down hill on a path passing blue fences, a trail marker sign and ending at a lodge.
A person is skiing down a hill of snow.
They go off of a jump and fly in the air.
They land back on the snow and continue skiing down the hill.
People are playing a game of badminton on a court.
People are sitting behind them watching the game.
A girl in a pink shirt picks up the ball.
A man is seen standing behind a large animal holding a razor and speaking to the camera.
The man then shaves all around the dog while stopping to speak to the camera and pet the dog.
A man is seen pushing a lawn mower along a yard and moving the machine all around the yard.
Another man is seen grabbing a machine out of a truck as the other man continues to mow the lawn.
People raft in a muddy river, then they camping on the shore to rest and play.
Then, the man continue rafting in the river, and a man falls in the water and his friends rescue him, then they continue rafting.
A woman and a man stands next a helicopter, then the helicopter fly.
A man and a dog are standing in the middle of the field playing while he is holding a group of Frisbees.
The man then throws all of the frisbees and the dog runs after them several times and catches them.
In the middle of the routine,he grabs several frisbees and gives them to the dog one by one as he kneels down in front of him.
Several tricks are done,and then the dog appears jump roping in the field,they go back to their regular routines and the owner picks up the dog and waves to the crowd.
A woman is sitting outside on a white chair playing at accordion.
There is a music stand sitting in front of her.
A man named bob is running and does a long jump.
He does it again landing into some sand.
He continues to do this run and jump again landing like a pro.
Then another man named ralph is going to take his own turn next.
A camera pans around a set of stairs and leads into people working out in a class.
Several shots are shown of people working out together while a man speaks to the camera.
The man continues speaking while more people are shown working out together.
Two people are cooking in pans on the oven.
Two plates of food are on the counter.
Words come onto the screen.
A scuba-diving man interacts underwater with a large fish.
The man makes a pushing gesture towards the camera.
The man makes several gestures towards the camera.
The fish rams into the man and swims away.
Two women are seen standing before a christmas tree with young children present as well.
The people then all move around one another putting ornaments on the tree in fast motion.
The girls continue putting items on the tree and end by smiling to the camera.
A woman leans over a boy, dabbing his face with a substance.
He laughs and struggles as she continues.
He grabs her by the hair, eating the piece of food she had been rubbing on him.
A man in a suit is playing a piano.
The audience stands up and claps for him.
People are hugging and mingling on a stage.
Green text explains several rules of the game.
A man and a boy practice lay ups together, and the coach shows his point of view.
They demonstrate a couple of different moves.
Windsurfer turns his sail around in a 360.
Windsurfer rides the waves slowly forward.
Man walks in front of the camera.
Windsurfer spins his sail around quickly.
Windsurfer falls into the ocean.
A woman smiles before sledding down a hill on an intertube.
She laughs and waves at the camera on the way down the hill.
Several people are then shown sledding together before coming to a stop on a snowy slope.
A person is hammering nails into a roof.
She slide tiles onto the roof and nail them into place.
A male gymnast walks up to a beam, powdering his hands.
He mounts the beam, then spins around it several times, changing between bars.
He dismounts, then raises his arms into the air.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while holding up a shoe and polish and pointing to objects.
The man then rubs down the shoe with a rag while the camera zooms in on more products and speaking to the camera.
Three kids swinging on the play set in the back yard.
One of the boys climb and slides down the slide.
More kids join and and they go down the slide together and move around the set very quickly.
They start to swing on their tummies and just overall having a great time playing.
A young boy is sitting up against the wall making a face as two people are standing in front of him.
The girl on the left then takes a small tube of polish and begins to paints the boy's nail with red glitter.
When she is finished,the boy is shown and he begins to laugh about the situation.
A woman plays piano in a room decorated with candles.
Katty Perry walks with a man in street, they she plays the piano, then she talks with the man.
We see an opening screen as a black and white film.
We then see people putting on fencing gear.
The two men fence in between title screens.
The men switch from outdoors to indoors.
We see a man's helmet.
We see a men fighting in slow motion.
The men finish and walk away from each other.
A man holding a shot put stands on a base.
The man turns his back to the camera and prepares to throw.
The man throws the ball and and spins around.
A man in a hat talks at a press conference.
We see cabins and trailers in a snowy area.
Three men re waxing skis in a workshop and we see the man at the press conference.
A man runs behind trailers and two men walk on the snow before we see the press conference again.
