A woman walks on the street wearing a cap.
A city is zoom in a map, then a girl performs water sky in a river pulled by a boat while flipping in the air.
A road is leading to a water ski station, then a woman slides on ramps in the water holding a water ski rope.
A man takes pictures to the girl.
Then the girl change clothes and stand on a truck holding prizes.
A small group of people are seen standing with one another and leads into them running and playing a game of paintball.
The cameraman aims all around him from capturing others and shooting several times off into the distance.
The game continues on with the man running around and stopping in the end.
Some boys are inside a gym.
They take turns stacking a pile of tires.
After each addition, one of them jumps and stands at the top.
A little girl sled in an inflatable boat hold to a string on front a man, suddenly she falls in a hollow.
People carry sled boats and the little girl is in a sled boat.
After a group of people sled do down the hill until meet other persons.
A man is seen kneeling on the floor swinging his arms back and fourth.
Text moves across his face as he swings his arms.
The man continues to swing his arms and ends with credits rolling.
A man stands on a court.
He hits a ball with a racket.
Several different athletes are shown hitting balls.
Some of them cheer at the end.
A chubby man is standing outside in a field and throws a yellow medicine ball demonstrating exercising to strengthen athletes for shot put.
The man is then pictured in a gym doing reps with the bar and then begins throwing a ball up against the tree.
Another boy then begins throwing a bag of sand before the previous man comes back and starts using elliptical machines.
Once finished,he returns back to a field and begins pulling the chain across the field and throwing kettle balls.
woman is standing in a roofed gym lifting weight.
coach is standing next to the gril coaching her and helping her.
after a few advices the woman lift the weight again.
A young girl is sitting in a chair, awaiting nervously.
The piercing artist paints a dot above her lip.
He sanitizes his tools and proceeds to pierce the lip of the young girl.
He inserts a ring into the piercing.
He tightens the piercing and cleans around the piercing.
The girl looks into a mirror handed to her by the piercing artist and looks pleased.
A woman is lying on equipment in a gym.
She has her feet tied with chain to a machine.
She holds her head as she pulls her feet back and forth.
A man and woman wearing red jackets, the man was cheering, while the woman is taking video using her iPad, she has very serious look on her face, the woman handed the iPad to the man.
A woman is picking up a pole, putting it inside the bigger pole, a man in blue jacket looked up from the ground.
A male athlete wearing red and blue top, blue shorts ran, hopped and jumped, he fell on the #18 sand then got up walked around the grass and field towards the group of people.
A male athlete wearing blue top ran to the lane, started hopping after passing the white line and jumped to the sand, hit the  sandy ground then stood up, then walked to the track field.
A male athlete in red and blue uniform started to run to the field, hopped when passed the white line then jumped towards bed of sandy ground, he hit the ground, fell on his side and stood up and walked towards the field.
A woman in red top is shown.
A small child is seen wandering around a playground while the camera follows closely behind.
The boy plays with several other kids on the playground and is seen climbing around the sides and going down the slide.
More clips are shown of the kids playing with one another and laughing to the camera.
First a boy is shown eating a thin waffle.
then an elderly lady is shown drinking water from a small glass.
Next there is a little boy shown dipping his hand into a parfait and then grabbing a spoon from another boy and then eating the parfait.
Finally a boy is shown eating a spoonful of a milkshake from a glass that has waffles in it.
A man stands behind a shoe counter and describes how to clean them.
The man talks about the three step program and answers frequently asked questions.
The man scrubs to shine the shoe and adds some polish then sprays them.
women are in rubbers sliding down a snowy hill.
women stands and laugh and walks.
Children are playing on the beach.
They are building a sand castle.
A girl dumps a bucket full of sand in front of her.
A girl walks in from the side and begins stomping in the room.
The girl continues exercising and moves side to side and starts to put her foot up moving in a hip hop fashion.
She then moves into a sort of squat of some sort and continues moving and then slides from left to right and continues dancing and crumping.
A person is seen filling up a sink with water and holding a rag in the water.
She scrubs down her face and washing it off with the rag and smiling into the mirror.
The camera pans around several groups of people are seen performing martial arts around one another as well as people walking around and watching.
Many shots are shown of people dancing and singing as well as performing martial arts in the streets and helping one another.
People are seen playing instruments, reading the the news, and performing martial arts all around the street.
Women are dancing on a stage.
They are swinging their hips from side to side.
The dance is supposed to be sexy.
They form a line as they dance.
They turn their backs to the audience and dance.
The lights go down.
The dance is over.
A white middle aged man is standing in a crowd of people playing a saxophone.
As he continues,the video pans out and several other people join him in playing the saxophone and it is revealed that someone else is pressing the buttons for the man as he is blowing into the instrument.
Then the camera pans back out and the crowd begins clapping for the audience.
We see the outside of a restaurant with a snow like graphic on the bottom.
We see men inside the bar and one man speaking into a microphone.
We then see ladies playing beer pong against a team of men.
Two teams of men play beer pong together as a man stands behind them holding a camera in the air.
We switch and see other teams in the room playing and see two ladies talking.
We then see a lady toss a ball across a table.
We see the ending screen.
A woman is talking while holding a saxophone.
She begins to play the saxophone.
Outside in the backyard two little boys in matching swim suits are playing with nets trying to catch a ball.
They are both trying to get the ball in their own net basically playfully fighting over whose going to get it.
The dad comes and throws the ball over and the boys run after it.
They continue to play and one of the little boys gets it in his net and trows it and when it lands they both go after it again.
A group of young boys are on bicycles behind a sand preparing to take off and race down the course.
The latch is let down and they all take off into the dirt and start to race in the dirt.
Many of the boys keep going around the track and people are spread throughout the course holding up sticks.
We see the title and introductions screens.
We see a boat with a man on it.
We see people and the interior of the boat.
The man wakeboards around a lake.
We see the boat with people in it.
The man pulls out the ladder and climbs on the boat then we see a boat take off, and in a show room.
The man falls off the wakeboard 2 times.
We see the ending title screen.
A man is sitting on the rock, then people are climbing the big rocks without harness.
People are walking in a rope attached to two trees.
A boy sits in a room and talks to a camera while holding a demonstrating how to use an electronic cigarette.
The boy unscrews the cigarette to reveal the inside mechanism.
The boy puts the cigarette back together and begins to smoke it as a woman walks by in the background, and then he continues to talk to the camera.
The credits of the clip are shown.
A guy works on a roof.
A guy removes nails and pieces of the roof.
A guy removes dirt and twigs from the corner of the roof.
A guy measures and cuts pieces for the roof.
The credits of the video are shown.
man is unning wearing stilts in a skaet park.
another man  is jumping along with the first man in the skate park.
man in skate park is running while a car is passing in the street.
A man wearing a hat is seen holding a tennis racket and bouncing a ball up and down.
The man then serves the ball and leads into a tennis match between four people.
The announcer laughs as the other team mates speak to each other and showing his hit again in slow motion.
A man is seen sitting on a piece of exercise equipment and rowing himself back and fourth on a machine.
The man continues moving himself back and fourth as the camera captures him from several angles.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and pointing to a table and laying out cards.
He then performs a game of black jack while moving the cards and dice around while still speaking to the camera.
A man takes a patch and put on a wheel while explaining and showing materials .
Then, the man takes the wheel of a bike to fix the hole of the tube by applying a patch.
After, the man put the tube on the wheel and pump air in the wheel.
Then, the man put and fix the wheel in the bike.
We see a black title screen.
A man walks to a brick wall with a squeegee and shows us a bottle of windex.
The man washes the window.
The man sprays windex and washes off with squeegee.
The man uses leaf blower to dry the window.
The man finishes and talks about the window before walking off.
cat is sleeping in a furry table and a man holds him and shows a nail clipper and starts cutting the cat nails sitting in a couch.
cat is sitting in a red carpet.
Two men are seen standing around a room and begin hitting a ball while others watch.
More men appear in the room and are seen chasing around a tennis ball and hitting it.
Men are playing a sport n the sand.
A man sits on the sand injured.
A man is seated on a horse and holding a lasso while assistants stand by and an audience watches.
A cow is released and the man chases after it.
The man lassos and ties it up.
A man briefly enters the camera frame.
Another man is seated on a horse and holding a lasso in the same setting.
A cow is released and the second man chases after it.
The second man lassos and ties it up.
Two riders and two assistants enter the frame.
web page and the adress of the company.
green signs on a pole.
woman is talking on the phone inside a car store.
man is polishing a black car while people is watching.
two men are cleaning the car on the outside and the inside.
three cars are parked in front of the store.
A girl gives tips on how to brush your hair with a round brush.
She strokes the hair in front of her, covering her face.
She flips her hair up and then finishes what she needs to do.
A woman is doing a tutorial on how to do water marble nails using water.
She uses a nail polish brush and dips it in water.
She gives the instructions on how to start with a base coat of nail polish.
Then she puts drops of different colored nail polish on the water surface.
Then she dips her nail into that paint.
She cleans off any excess nail polish that has smeared on the side of the nails with a paint brush and Q-tip.
She finally shares information about herself and her social media accounts.
There's a young girl wearing a brown sweater playing the violin.
She strings the violin with her left hand while she uses the bow stick with her right hand.
She continues playing her tune on the violin with full concentration without pausing.
She constantly looks down at the violin as she plays the notes.
After she finishes playing the violin, she smiles and walks away.
A man is seen sitting in a large gym while speaking to the camera and sitting on a medicine ball.
The man then bends forward onto the ball while still speaking to the camera.
The man continues to balance on the ball and sits himself up as well as catches a ball.
A person is seen riding a unicycle in the middle of a forest while holding an instrument.
The man continues riding down the path as the camera follows his movements.
The news shows a picture of a man name Albertinho Gazio, Meanwhile a woman walking out of her house in snow gear towards her parked car.
The man behind the camera seems to be Albertinho, He is walking through the snow and talking, he and his wife and taking off the snow from the cars in the parking lot.
His hands are extremely red from the snow but his wife is wearing gloves so she's unaffected.
He takes a paper out of his pocket and reads through it, while his wife laughs at him before they start walking back inside.
woman is wearing a red shirt and is standing talking to the camera in a white room.
woman start dancing salsa steps on a wooden court.
the woman is doing samba steps shaking her body side to side.
A person is seen riding around on a horse holding a piece of rope in his hands moving back and fourth.
The man backs the horse up a bit and then takes off chasing a calf and roping him and tying him down.
He throws his hands up in the air while the calf moves and then climbs back on top of the horse.
Hair styling tools are shown in closeup.
A woman walks down a street an into a salon.
The woman interacts with a man in the salon.
The man and woman look at pictures of hairstyles together.
Scenes of the woman with her hair being cut and styled are shown.
The man and woman interact as they examine her new style.
A closeup of hair on the floor is shown.
A group of people are standing on an outdoor bridge.
They are putting equipment around each other's bodies to protect them.
The person jumps off the side of the bridge on a bungee cord, swinging over the water below.
A man is seen doing flips on a soft floor while moving in slow motion.
The man continues performing several tricks across the floor and ends with a title sequence across the screen.
There's a man wearing a white colored vest and blue hard hat rowing in a yellow row boat with double sided oar.
He is demonstrating the correct way to row the boat while staying afloat.
He is in a water body that has some strong waves.
He is showing how to do the strokes with the oars to go against the water current.
He goes in circles as he demonstrates how to row against powerful waves.
A woman puts a harness on.
A man clips a rope to the front of the woman's harness.
He ties the rope into a knot.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera while holding a violin.
The woman continues speaking and them begins demonstrating how to play a song.
She finishes playing the song and smiles to the camera.
A man wearing a hat is standing outside.
He picks up a chainsaw off of the ground.
He begins to chop down a bush next to him.
We see two ladies arm wrestling.
The right lady looks at the camera.
The right lady wins the match.
The left lady drops her head to the table.
The right lady throws her arms in the air and talks to the camera.
A woman is seen standing behind a sink and washing dishes while speaking to the camera.
The woman continues washing silverware while looking over to the camera and smiling.
A band is playing on a stage.
A man and woman kiss.
A man in a yellow shirt plays the saxophone.
Two people are fencing in a room.
A person is standing next to a wall watching them.
They stop fencing and walk away.
A man is talking in front of a couple of graphs.
She demonstrates the technique with his racquet.
He then goes into a room, and plays a game of racquetball with a man.
They hit the ball back and forth against the wall.
When they are done, he walks out and discusses it some more.
A person throw a disc with a stick, the disc arrives to a triangle on the floor where two people stand.
Then, another disk slides on the floor to stop inside the triangle.
After, the person throw another disc that stops inside the triangle.
The rules oh the shuffleboard game is displayed in a board.
We see an indoor hockey game.
The goalie blocks a shot and a handful of players fight over the puck.
The puck hits the referee and knocks him over.
The goalie blocks a shot.
We see a title in the upper left corner.
A man is talking to the camera.
The man drills the cabinets apart and wipes and paints them.
The cabinets dry and the man wipes them.
We see a person applying a product over the paint.
We see the cabinet faces put back on the cabinets.
We see the end credits on a black screen.
A man is standing outside talking.
He gets onto a slack line and starts to cross it.
He falls off onto the grass.
A man plays guitar and harmonica at the same time.
Then, the man sings while playing the guitar.
After, the man continues playing both the guitar and the harmonica, then sing.
Next, the man plays the harmonica and the guitar together.
A young man is seen paddling a canoe down a river.
He talks to the camera as he approaches.
He gets out, continuing to talk about canoeing.
Children rides bumper cars in a carnival.
The kids get stuck in the center, but they free and drive.
A woman push a stroller in the street.
Children bumps cars and ride around.
The children gets off the bumper cars and walk to the exit.
A man is rock climbing on a wall next to a rock.
He gets to the top and releases himself to fall to the bottom.
A little girl is holding a stick and is gently hitting a large pinata that is ninja turtled theme.
In the background a boy on a white chair is gently tossing a ball in the air above his lap.
A taller boy is standing and walking near the boy sitting on the chair and he has a green plastic bag over his left hand that he's moving back and forth with a twist of his wrist.
A little girl on the side begins to jump as she's waiting for her turn.
A woman is showing her fingernails.
A bottle of acetone is shown.
The acetone is being poured into a small glass.
A woman is now holding a napkin.
A makeup brush is being held.
A bottle of nail polish is shown.
A person starts painting their fingernails.
Another bottle of nail polish is shown.
The person continues painting their nails.
They use the makeup brush and dip it in the acetone.
They rub the brush on their fingernail.
They use a wooden stick to clean the side of their nails.
A clear bottle of nail polish is shown.
She then paints that over her nails.
Athletes are giving interviews, and some show off their participation medals.
Athletes are boarding white buses.
The buses move down the road.
A person stacks tee shirts.
Athletes wait at the start line.
Athletes are running down the road.
Athletes cross the finish line.
The credits of the clip are shown.
A couple of kids are cheering at a bowling alley.
They join other children, arguing over a bowling ball.
They pick a ball, then bowl it down the lane.
A woman is seen standing in a yard with a lawn mower in front of her.
The girl then pushes the lawn mower along the yard.
The camera moves in closer of the woman still pushing the mower and speaking to the camera.
A woman holds two big gloves where two little girls tap with both hands.
Then, the woman puts the globes on front her chest.
People practice karate in a room.
Two men are next to the table wearing blue shirts and welding helmets.
The man is holding a welding machine and working on a metal that causes sparks, next to him is another man watching closely on the metal.
The lights lit up, the man is poking the metal.
woman is wearing a purple shit lifting weight.
woman is sitting in stairs tying the laces.
two women are in a gym room doing exercise.
Several people float down a river in tubes.
They pass through several rocks.
The water gets rough as the past through some rocks.
Several people stand up in the river.
A man and woman is standing on the counter while the man talks in the camera.
A plate of cut pineapple is on a plate on the table, as the man get some grapes and put it on the chopping board and cut them into half, then placed them on top of the pineapple cuts, then he wiped his hands and showed the plate to the camera.
A woman demonstrates, on a toy baby,  how to swaddle a baby and wash a baby’s face using cotton balls and wet towels.
A woman stands in front of a toy baby and talks to the camera.
The woman swaddles the baby in a white blanket and then begins to apply water soaked cotton balls, from a nearby water filled container,  to the baby’s eyes and nose and face.
The woman finishes and talks to the camera again.
Women in bikinis are playing volleyball on the beach.
One of the women falls onto the sand.
They pose for a picture on the beach.
A man and a boy make a sand castle in the beach.
People approach to watch the castle and start to make small house next the sand castle.
A little girl is doing more houses next to the castle.
The man digs a hole in the center while the boy help extend the castle.
A man is seen riding on a treadmill followed by several images of the treadmill and a man taking pictures.
A person undoes the machine and then rides on the machine and leads into more people taking pictures of the machine and people riding.
People are standing on a field looking up at kites in the sky.
A kite is shown in the sky by a tree.
A boy chases after the kite and catches is.
A glass of tequila sunrise is shown.
A man is talking in front of a display of alcoholic drinks.
He places the ingredients of alcohol and juice on a table, added the ingredients, as well as grenadine to a tall glass with ice.
He displays the beautiful drink on the table.
A game is taking place between argentina and peru.
People in the crowded stands gather and disperse.
The men are shown on the court, playing the game and kicking the ball.
The scoreboard is shown for comparison as the game ends.
A teenage boy on a horse spinning a rope in the air chases after a little cow.
The cow is running and the boy throws the rope around its neck.
It causes the cow to fall over after being pulled back by the rope.
The boy goes running off the horse after it and pins the little cow down.
A view is seen of a deep canyon with a lift above it.
A man is dressed in bungee gear by another man.
He jumps out, then swings back and forth over the thin waters.
There are several workers packing many rafts in a truck to be hauled away.
There's a fast flowing turbulent river flowing under a bridge.
The scenic mountain view shows clouds blowing in the wind.
There are many rafters outside a log cabin packing and getting ready for their rafting trip.
The rafters begin their adventure in the wild and turbulent river water as they try to stay afloat.
The river waves are so turbulent that it causes the raft to overturn and drown the rafters in the strong waves.
The rafters try hard to stay in the raft as they fight the fierce waves of the river to stay afloat.
The waves are so strong that it becomes hard for the rafters to in the raft.
They are forcefully thrown out in the river as the raft overturns on them.
One of the rafters smiles and talks about his experience as he walks back with his fellow rafters.
A team of swimmers are huddled in.
The team gets in the pool.
Two teams play water polo against each other.
A crowd looks on from the stands.
We see people in a field holding flags.
We see people playing paintball in the woods.
We see people in lines like soldiers.
We see the people in the woods in paint ball gear.
We see an empty metal tank.
We see the people in the woods again.
We see inside the tank.
We see the people walking through the field.
We see people running with smoke.
We see a ending title screen.
A person slices and ground garlic and chop parsley.
Then, the person adds the garlic in the hot oil in a pan.
The person cooks and drain the pasta, then put the pasta in the pot and add chicken broth, the cooked garlic, parsley, salt, pepper and cheese on top.
Next, the person make fried chicken, then serves the pasta with the chicken.
A lady stands in a dance studio.
the lady performs a ballet dance.
The lady lifts her leg up behind her and moves it to the front and rests it on her leg.
The lady stands in front of the camera facing the mirror.
We see a person sitting on the left side of the room.
There are two cars in the car wash and one parked in a spot.
The owners of the cars are soaping them down and cleaning the tires very well.
Inside of the car wash it it completely empty, no one is inside of it.
One of the other car owners is rinsing his car off.
An older gentleman in a blue shirt is painting a wooden fence.
He picks up the paint bucket and walks up the sidewalk.
A woman is working out on an elliptical machine.
The woman is sitting on a couch in heels.
She continues to work out on the machine.
A woman is recording a video of a little boy who is painting a fence.
The camera pans to the rest of the backyard and fence.
Another little boy is painting the other end of the fence, and the camera goes up to him.
The video then cuts to show that the fence is mostly completed.
The video then shows the two boys working together to complete the final panel of the fencing.
The video ends as the camera pans out to show the house and the freshly painted fence.
Several shots of text are shown followed by a person walking into frame.
The person then walks in and out of frame performing various dance moves on the ground.
The person continues moving around on the ground and demonstrating how to perform moves.
An animated new paper clipping is shown and the video consists of a bunch of letters in black block letters giving the title.
Shortly after, a young female begins talking while and throws down a curling object.
The young woman then walks over to a male dressed in all black and begins asking him questions about the game.
While they are talking, a game is being played and the two watches them.
After,the man begins teaching her various techniques used in the game and they begin to glide across the floor.
Once they are finished,the woman comes back to the camera and begins talking about the sport.
A man is wearing white in front of a building.
He is doing several martial arts moves.
He moves very slowly as he demonstrates the moves.
Ladies are standing in a workout room.
The ladies are belly dancing.
The ladies dip down and toss their hair backwards.
They swing their dipped bodies.
The ladies dip and bend backwards.
The ladies throw their hair back and forth.
2:43 A man is in the room in the back and bends down.
The ladies finish dancing and take a bow.
A man walks up to a lane in a bowling alley.
He throws the ball and watches it glide down the lane multiple times.
It knocks down all but two pins, which he misses the second time.
An elderly man is walking and  a large white bird is biting at his right foot.
The man turns around and points and scolds the bird and continues to walk.
The man then bends down near some stairs, wipes the outside of the building and the bird continues to attack the man.
The man scolds the bird again and motions to the small dog that's also there that the dog and bird should interact but the bird keeps messing with the man and the dog stays out of it.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera while holding up a paintbrush and bucket.
She paints a piece of furniture next to her while also holding up a brush.
She holds up more objects while dipping the brushes into them as well as uses it on the furniture.
A girl walks out of a room and down a hall.
She puts down her duffel bag before lying down on a table.
Someone hands her a cup and she drinks it, then they work on tattooing her tongue.
A rod is inserted into her tonue and clipped, creating a piercing.
She sticks out her tongue at the camera, showing off her piercing.
An elliptical trainer is shown, as well as its components.
A woman is shown working out on the elliptical.
She pedals and demonstrates the mechanics of the programming screen.
Three men sit together on a couch.
A man gets up and walks into a barber shop.
He sits down and gets his hair cut.
He is sleeping in the chair.
He wakes up and looks in a mirror.
Him and the man start fighting.
The man pulls a gun and points it at the other man.
He runs into another mans arms and they walk out the door.
We see a man talking in a bike ship.
the man points at a bike.
The man takes off the handlebars on a bike and adjusts them.
The man puts the handlebars back on.
The man moves to the front of the bike to adjust the handlebars.
The man then finishes tightening the bolt on the handlebar.
The man steps back when finished.
A skateboarder come rolling down a steep road.
Skateboarders roll down the middle of public streets.
The words "Fair Oaks Longboarding" along with credits appear over the skaters.
Two teams on horses ride around on a field.
Using cricket bats they hit a ball back and forth.
A team finally makes a goal.
The scoring team then rides around in victory.
News hosts present a story seated at a desk in a news room.
A news reporter interviews a man on an ice skating rink.
An athlete glides a stone across the ice.
The reporter and the man practice brushing the ice with brooms.
A woman sits in a salon and has her hair curled.
The curls are taken out of the woman's hair after the makeover.
The news anchors close out the story.
Several shots are shown of various snow boarders grinding down rails into snow with one falling and hurting himself.
More shots of people wiping out in the end are shown as well as people talking to one another in a circle.
We see a little girl water skiing.
We see a man holding a child water skiing.
The man lets go, and grabs her jacket again.
The man points to the skis.
The man lefts go and grabs the jacket again.
A man is running down a track.
He jumps onto a blue mat.
He jumps over a high bar and lands on the blue mat.
A man dressed in business attire enters a kitchen with some children behind him, he shakes a woman's hand, rubs her shoulder and then introduces the children to the woman, and the whole time black text on the top of the screen reads "'Lying' Ryan has a few minutes to kill before a flight".
More clips continue to play of the man in the kitchen, talking, handling cleaning products, and washing dishes, but a lot of negative words about him are appearing on the screen.
The man is out of the kitchen now and walking then stops to shake hands and talk to a man, but a negative message about him still appears on the screen.
We see an opening title screen.
We see snow covered ski slope and a title screen.
We see people skiing and snowboarding down the hill.
The names are shown in a blue bar above.
We see a man holding a selfie stick as he boards down the hill.
We see a person in dense woods riding a snowboard.
We see the ending credits.
A woman talks to a camera and then demonstrates exercises that can be done from the playground using playground equipment including monkey bars.
A woman in a red short sleeved shirt stands on the sand of a playground and talks facing the camera, while standing next to some monkey bars.
The woman begins to use the monkey bars and pulls herself across the entire expanse of the bar without using feet for propulsion from bar to bar, using just upper arm and core strength to pull across the bars.
The woman then climbs a wall and jumps off it in a gymnastic flip into the sand and begins to talk to the camera again.
Two young children are seen standing behind a table with one peeling lemons and a boy watching on the side.
Another child is seen squeezing lemons and zooms in on the kids working.
The kids continue to squeeze the lemon while looking and waving to the camera and speaking on the side.
Two men are playing wall ball in a room.
There is an audience watching them play.
The man pretends his racket is a guitar.
We see a boy playing an accordion.
The boy slides his hand across the keys.
A piece of paper enters the scene on the lower right.
The boy finishes and the screen goes black.
A woman shows tango steps moving and turning around while talking.
Then, the man moves around showing tango steps.
After, the woman and the man dance tango together while the man talks.
We see an image of a male gymnast in mid swing.
We see a title card with a family on it.
A man swings around on a pommel horse.
A man in blue plan swing his legs back and forth.
The man in red shorts is spinning wildly.
He then spins on a round device.
A camera pans all around a beer pong table as well as people talking and speaking into a microphone.
More people step up to play the beer pong while a man raps into the mic and others react.
Several shots are shown of people playing the game and cheering with one another.
Individuals stand behind black platforms awaiting instructions.
Individuals are using dance moves to exercise using the platform.
The people do jumping jacks to the right of the platform.
The individuals do jumping jacks at the left of the platform.
The lady who had been instructing the group continuously claps her hands and begins to leave.
A woman rides a horse in an indoor barn while playing a game of solo polo.
A woman rides a horse in an indoor barn and plays polo while holding a polo stick and chasing a red ball in the indoor setting.
The woman hits at the ball while riding the horse in circles.
the woman rides the horse until the sun begins to set and the scene gets darker and darker.
Two teams plays throwing balls to hit an opponent.
Two boys advance to the center and throw the balls, then they return to his place.
After, the other team advance throwing balls and hit one player wearing purple t-shirt.
They continue playing taking turns to hit the balls.
People handle balls to players, then they go to the center to hit other team with the balls.
A woman is seen showing off a glass of honey.
She shows off the bottle of honey as well as a bowl of water and a towel.
She shows her hair pulled back.
She opens the bottle of honey and lathers it all over her face.
She holds up a cat.
She returns to lathering her face and waits in anticipation.
While she waits, she plays some instruments and with her cat.
Finally, she rinses her face with water and dries her face off with a towel.
She proudly shows off her bottle of honey.
A little boy plays piano in a home, then, he bends to the left and talks.
After, the boy continues playing the piano, then he takes a rest.
The boy change clothes and continues playing the piano.
A picture of a man is shown and then drawings of human vertebrae.
The man in gray out is standing in a room and started to rotate his hands forward and backward.
The man is swaying side to side and move his arms in front of him.
A group of dirt bikers are waiting on a ramp.
They take off when it opens, going around in circles on the track, racing each other.
Some fall off their bikes.
They make it through the finish line, ending the race.
A young boy in a blue sweater jumps out from the side and stands in front of a dart board.
Once he calms down,he turns around and begins throwing darts on the board.
After all of the darts are thrown,the camera zooms in on the darts to show what he had done.
A man is seen looking off into the distance and leads into him speaking to the camera.
The man continues to speak to the camera and then walks behind a set of drums.
The man plays the drums continuously and ends by speaking to the camera.
A little girl is sitting at a drum set with headphones on.
She plays the drums and cymbals, keeping a fast beat.
She bangs her head back and forth as she plays.
We see a guy in a gym holding a jump rope.
The guy does a jump rope routine.
The guy  does a flip with the rope.
The guy  does two push ups.
The guys leg gets caught on the rope.
The guy  jumps high and the rope gets tangled again.
The guy finishes and lays on the ground.
The guy gets up and walks away.
A close up a chair is shown while the camera pans out backwards and text moves across the screen.
The camera follows closely into the chair and leads into a woman sitting comfortable on the chair.
The woman adjusts the seat and leads into several more close ups of the chair being shown.
A counter is shown with beer cans on it.
A man is in a bathroom, using a toilet.
He flushes, then smiles and talks to the camera.
A man is seen playing with her hair in front of the camera and leads into her brushing her hair.
She then ties her hair up and proceeds to blow dry her hair while a comb.
Then takes her hair down and runs lotion through her hair while still looking to the camera.
a man in overalls sits in front of a large wheel of metal.
He picks up a torch, and begins welding.
Sparks fly as he wears his mask, welding the equipment.
A woman is in a room with chairs.
She is playing the violin.
Two men are playing drums with her.
The camera pans between them.
A man is water skiing on a river.
He leans backward, still holding on.
He also turns and lifts one foot in the air.
A shirtless man scrapes roofing gravel using a shovel.
The man stops and leans on the shovel for a moment to look at the amount of work that is ahead of him.
The man continues to scrape the gravel roof and turns with his back towards the camera.
A woman is standing behind a counter in a kitchen.
She takes the lid off of a pot of salad.
She moves the salad into a new bowl.
She takes the towel and puts it over the lettuce.
She takes the lettuce and puts it in a wooden bowl.
She tosses the salad with two spoons.
Two people are seen standing on a mat and begin fighting one another.
The men pause for a moment and continue fighting on while people watch on the side.
The boys continue fighting and stop in the end.
A person is seen standing in a close room holding a tennis racket.
The person then begins hitting the ball with the racket and walking around.
Another person is seen walking in frame as well as out.
A man stands in an arena preparing to skateboard.
The man skates down a halfpipe and goes back and forth from one end to the other.
The man loses his skateboard and comes down the wall on his knees.
We see the man's disappointment as another man prepares to skate.
The man walks away and hops on his skateboard behind the stage.
Two people are seen riding in a canoe pushing a paddle along the water and looking into the camera.
More clips are shown of the scenery as well as the people riding around and meeting up with others.
A group of people are seen swimming around a pool with one man sitting on his head.
More shots are shown of people close up swimming up the water as well as kneeling.
A woman takes off her tank as well as putting it back and leads into them swimming more.
One woman and two men, wearing white pants, white shirt and black and white belts demonstrate martial arts moves, barefoot,  on a large patch of grass in front of a body of water and a city scape of buildings.
A woman with blonde hair in a ponytail and a black belt, demonstrates martial arts moves first exhibiting shoulder and arm moves and footwork.
A man in a white belt demonstrates martial arts moves using knee bends.
A third man in a black belt demonstrates martial arts moves exhibiting floor work, leg swipes and high kicks.
Guys arm wrestle indoors in the presence of two referees.
The referees point in the direction of the winner.
The players give a dab handshake.
Someone is brushing their teeth with an electric toothbrush.
They wear braces  so they make sure to scrub all around very well.
You can see the tongue moving around never really being comfortable inside of the mouth.
The man continues to brush, toothpaste spewing down his lips a bit .
A team rides together on a bus.
Teams play games of beach soccer.
A man makes a bicycle kick in the sand.
The winning team holds up a trophy together and celebrates.
Teammates call from the bench and cheer.
A man is seen looking closely into the camera followed by a person wake boarding and performing various tricks.
Several shots are shown of people doing tricks along the water while the boat pulls them from the front.
Men are playing volleyball in the sand.
Cheerleaders are standing next to them watching.
A woman is playing soccer on a beach.
A man in a red shirt is talking to the camera.
People are seen sitting at a table while a man stands beside them and taking a puff from a hookah.
He hands the hose to a girl sitting who takes a few rips and the man is shown speaking to the camera.
the girls hands the hose to other one sitting while she takes a few hits and passes it back to the other person.
A man rides a jetski on a river with the camera at a distance.
The man jetskis while holding the camera at arm's length.
The man is shown waterskiing while pulled by the jetski.
The man falls and is briefly submerged.
Two men are performaing capoeria in the middle of a circle of people.
They are performing while everyone claps.
They take a short break and walk around a bit before starting their performance again.
People are clapping to a set rhythm.
This lasts for a long while.
A boy is skating in a parking lot.
He does several moves, dancing and talking.
The boy skates around the parking lot on inline skates.
A man in a jacket talks in front of  house as men stand on the roof.
A man throws shingles off the roof in the background.
The men continue to throw the shingles off the roof.
The man holding the camera turns and climbs the ladder and stands on the rooftop.
The man turns the camera on himself and continues to talk.
A man jumps onto parallel bars.
He begins doing a gymnastic routine on the parallel bars.
He does a jump off and lands on the mat.
The video starts showing the company logo for a roofing company.
A voice is heard reciting the steps to applying ridges on a roof.
As the voice recites the steps, an older man is shown on video performing these steps to a roof.
As the voice says the steps are complete, the final shot shows a close up of the completed ridges.
The video ends with the company logo.
A man is seen standing on stage holding an instruments in his hands.
He then picks up the instrument and begins playing on stage.
The man continues to play and ends looking away.
A person is sitting down getting their arm tattooed.
They stand up and show the tattoo.
Two bodybuilder women are seated at a table.
They are arm wrestling, vieing to win.
When there is a victor, the two women shake hands.
Rain falls on a large auditorium.
Many people are in the stands.
Several athletes stand in the arena.
The athletes throw discs on the field.
People fly kites from a rooftop holding kite string pools.
Several kites fly in the sky.
A man holds a kite string pool while flying a kite.
We see a title on a dark gray screen, We see a boat on a lake from different angles.
A person riding a surfboard behind the boat does a flip.
, We are shown the interior of the the boat.
We see the interior then the outside of the boat intermittently.
We see people on a raft being pulled by the boat.
A girl grabs something form a cabinet then jumps in the water.
We see the end credit scenes.
We see shots of a sink.
A person sprays the sink with a bottle then uses scrub brushes to scrub the sink.
The person rinses the sink the wipes it with a  blue towel.
The person then rinses the sink again and wipes it down with the blue towel again.
The person sprays the sink with a solution and uses a small roller paint brush to run the solution into the sink.
We see before and after shots of the sink.
A man wearing a white shirt stands in a kitchen with a mop.
The man begins mopping the floor while standing in front of washing machines.
The man mopping takes a few steps and slips as his left leg slides on the floor and he falls to the floor.
The video by TMZ is showing several overweight men as part of the sumo destruction event.
It shows a picture of singer George Michael too.
There's a panel of people sitting in a studio talking about the event.
They are reading a script and laughing.
There are pictures of sumo wrestlers shown too.
It also shows sumo wrestlers wrestling as spectators watch the event.
We see a college volleyball game being played by women.
A group of ladies passes.
A lady falls and slides across the ground.
Two ladies high five each other.
Three ladies fall into the crowd on the left.
A lady misses and falls.
A person dangles a set of keys.
A man with saxophone is playing at the center of the park while a woman is sitting by the fountain.
The man is playing the saxophone.
Behind him are people lining up at the atm.
The camera came closer to the gold saxophone.
The man continue playing while people walking past him.
The man blow so hard on his saxophone.
A white bird standing behind the man.
A man is seen close up standing on a field.
A person then passes the man a ball to move up the field.
The people then begin kicking the ball around.
A sink is covered in filth.
A bottle is held up to the camera.
The water runs over a sponge.
The solution is poured on the sponge and the sink is cleaned.
A guy is operating a electric presser.
A man is whipping with a dark rug.
The guy is gesturing at the machine's work.
A person take two sticks on the drums, one stick holds with a hand and the other with his foot, then the person plays with one hand and the drums falls.
The person plays with a hand and feet, and the face of, a gorilla appears.
Then, the person puts mustard in one drum and one egg on other drum, and drums.
After, the person puts a tortilla and drums over,  then fried and egg.
Next , the person destroys the drums.
A man is seen grabbing a puck and curling along the ice in front of others.
The people push the puck down the ice and celebrate with one another.
People on the sidelines cheer and the men walk away.
First the people are shown swimming backwards.
Then they are shown playing volleyball in the water.
A man explains a procedure holdings cloths and cleaning materials while showing the cloths.
After, the man approaches to a window and starts to clean for an instant, and then continues explaining.
A woman and her 2 children are riding around on a camel at a fair or some event.
There is a worker who is walking with them in circles walking the camel with a rope as they ride.
They go around quite a few times again and again in a circle around a small gated area.
When they are done they stop by a red railing, the worker taps the camel on the face while the rider get off.
A woman is standing on a piano.
A person is playing the piano.
The piano turns and a woman is standing behind it.
Two women are playing badminton on a stage.
People are playing the game of the price is right.
A woman wins and walks on the stage to give the host a hug.
A man walks up to a snow scoop.
The man shovels the snow on a roof while the cameraman talks.
The man stops scooping the snow.
A man is seen kneeling on a floor and puts his hands behind his head.
He then bends his body forward and performs several jumps onto his feet.
The video takes place in a gymnasium of various gymnasts.
A young girl stands on top of the trampoline in preparation to jump.
She jumps on the bar and begins to do several flips between two bars.
She then jumps to the padded area and throws up her hands, and a man gives her a hug.
A camera pans around a park as well as a lake and a man speaking to the camera.
The camera pans around a canoe filled with objects and leads into the man padding down and speaking to the camera.
More shots are shown of animals nearby as well as a man and woman speaking to the camera.
Two woman are seen performing on a stage with one playing a flute and the other playing the piano.
The women play a song while the camera zooms in on the flute player and them bowing and leaving in the end.
A man dumps a wheelbarrow of mulch on the lawn.
He rakes it out over the ground.
He brings another wheelbarrow full of mulch and rakes it out over the lawn.
There are 4 african american children skipping around on the concrete ground.
3 are wearing dresses and 1 of them is wearing a shirt and pants.
After they're done skipping, they go to pick vegetables on the side of a building and put them into a blue bowl.
A man is using a leaf blower to blow the leaves off the grass.
A car drives by on the road at a decent speed.
He continues to blow the leaves mindlessly.
The leaves are all falling on the road making the grass look so much better.
A welding tool is applied to a surface.
A guy that is holding a welding tool is wearing a helmet.
Two gloved hands are using a welding gun and stick on an object.
A close up of several cars are seen that leads into a person cleaning the cars.
The person wipes down the front of the cars with a rag including along the tires.
The cars are shown lined up afterwards and shown all cleaned off.
A woman wearing a black shirt begins talking and then someone getting their legs waxed appears.
As she talks,a layer of wax if placed on the leg and then a white piece of paper.
A camera pans around a group of people sitting at a table followed by a man holding a surf board.
The man carries the board out onto the water and begins riding the water.
The person continues to ride around following behind another person on the water.
A gymnast is seen standing ready with her arms up that leads into her running down and doing flips down a track into a pit.
She puts her arms up to finish and her jumps are shown several more times in slow motion.
An athletic man is seen holding onto a piece of exercise equipment and kneeling while speaking to the camera.
He continues speaking and begins moving his arms and body back and fourth.
People are running around playing paintball.
A man falls into a large puddle of mud.
A man falls down and another man runs up to check on him.
A white man is on the stage with long dreads throwing up the piece sign to the audience.
After their interaction,the man begins to play the wind pipes on his back as he walks back and forth across the stage.
The crowd is shown and the camera goes back to the stage and several lights come on as the guitarist begins to play.
A large snowy mountain is shown as well as people driving and people standing along a mountain.
Several shots are shown of people on snowboards, performing tricks, and gesturing to the camera.
The video continues on with impressive clips of people doing stunts as well as close ups of people riding.
A man is seen standing before a large fence holding a spray hose in his hand.
The man sprays paint all along the wall while the camera captures his movements.
The man continues to spray the wall while the camera follows him from behind.
We see men playing hockey in an ice rink.
A player in blue goes behind the goal close to the camera.
The hockey puck slips past the goalie and into the goal net.
The goalie gets up off the ground.
There are a few older gentlemen playing a game on ice.
They have a coach to help them  and he talks about how to curl.
He talks about the steps and how to get in the hack, even demonstrating.
He seems pretty professional walking on the ice with his shoes on while demonstrating.
Four girls are shown looking into the camera.
A girl up front begins waving a bottle of mouthwash.
The girl then takes a cup of the mouthwash and drinks it.
The cup of mouthwash is passed around until all the girls drink from it.
Two men are in an alley.
They are bouncing up and down on sticks.
There is a van in the foreground.
There are also several buildings.
A man is seen speaking to the camera wearing a microphone and begins wiping down a window.
He uses several tools and objects to clean the glass and continues wiping down while looking at the camera.
People run motocross on a bumpy road in the wood.
A person climbs a bump with a motorcycle.
Also people rides motorcycles on an unpaved flat surface.
This man is shown playing one drum in the beginning of the video and he says a few words.
Then a man sits next to him and starts to play his guitar and the other man slowly joins to start playing the drums.
The man who is sitting next to the man playing the drums is not only playing the guitar, but he's singing too.
The words "Grandmaster Huang Sheng Shyan" and "Taiji Push Hands" appear on screen.
Several students individually approach the Grandmaster attempting to fight him and are pushed back quickly.
The Grandmaster taps a student on the head and he quickly falls to the ground.
Several people are seen sitting outside at a picnic table and leads into two people tying a rope around a tree.
More people come to help and lead into a boy walking on the rope with a man's help.
More people attempt to walk on the rope with other's help as well as by themselves.
A screenshot of a woman wearing a blue jumpsuit is standing in a pose holding two batons and white words on the middle of the screen say "2 Baton Nicole".
The woman is now standing on a floor with a lot of colorful lines and dashes and she begins her 2 baton routine that includes a lot of twirling, spinning, and throwing and catching of the batons.
Almost to the end of her routine the woman drops the baton twice, picks them up and continues to do her routine until the end.
A woman talks facing a camera, in front of a dance studio advertisement sign, as four girls demonstrate ballet techniques in front of a ballet bar in a dance studio.
A woman with blonde hair, and dressed in all black, stands in front of a dance studio advertisement and talks while facing the camera.
The camera cuts away to four girls in ballet outfits and ballet shoes facing a ballet bar with their backs to the camera and demonstrating ballet knee bends.
The girls then demonstrate ballet toe points as the camera cuts back to the lone woman who continues to talk facing the camera, until the scene fades to a marketing graphic.
There is man speaking on the microphone to announce who's coming up.
Next many different people go up on stage to dance.
A man takes out the ice over the windows of a car.
A person stand watching a man takes out ice on a car.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera while showing off her nails and leads into her holding up a contact lens.
The girl then pours liquid out into a container and them demonstrates how to properly put in and take on a contact lens.
A man is seen holding a blow torch and begins using it while pulling his mask down.
The man continuously sparks with the machine on a piece of metal.
He stops in the end while taking off his mask and looking into the camera.
Two people are wrestling in a ring.
A referee is standing on the side of the ring watching them.
The crowd behind them is cheering.
We see cheerleaders standing on the stage.
The cheerleaders perform a routine.
Four girls are lifted and they hold one girl in between them laying down.
Ladies hold ladies who hold and shake their pom poms.
Four ladies are lifted and hold two other ladies then a seventh lady.
the team finishes and hugs.
We see ending credits and still shots.
A quote and  website appears on the screen.
An athletic woman is seen stepping up to a beam and beginnings performing a gymnastics routine on it.
The woman continues moving around on the beam and ends with her jumping down with her arms up and speaking to her coach as her ending is shown again in slow motion.
A man is standing behind a couch, wearing a protective head covering.
He is covering a couch with plastic, and tapes it in place.
He speaks to the camera about what he did a little longer.
A hand is rubbing a chalk to a blue tip.
The man is concentrating on the pool table, slowly hit the ball with the billiard stick.
An old man with beard is giving interview.
The man is arranging the ball on the table and then hit them and they all went into the holes.
A man is standing on top of a truck.
Two men jump onto a trampoline.
One of the men lays down and the other man hits him.
The man on the truck jumps onto the trampoline.
Men are playing wall ball in a room against each other.
A man in a red shirt and glasses is talking.
A man in a black shirt talks to a man in a red shirt.
Papers are being shown on the screen.
The man continues to talk to the microphone.
A man in a black shirt is talking.
The men are playing more wall ball.
A boy jumps on a diving board high.
Then, the boy jumps and flips three time, but falls on his back making a big splash.
A man raps along with a song.
The guy gets a tattoo as well.
Bags of icing are sitting on a counter.
Someone puts the icing in cake and muffin pans.
They bake them in the oven.
They put them on a plate and start to ice them.
A man in a snow covered parking lot lined with tall street lamps scrapes hardened snow and ice off of his maroon sports car at night.
The man begins by scraping ice and snow off of the bottom of his windshield and the hood of his car and front grill.
The man then scrapes and kicks at ice chunks surrounding the area around the front passenger tire.
Lastly, the man scrapes ice off of the trunk of the car and the rear passenger tire area before waiving and walking toward the camera.
People are driving bumper cars on a brown floor.
The bumper cars collide with each other.
A girl laughs out loud.
An intro comes onto the screen giving information for a percussion company.
A man begins to play a set of drums with the camera showing him from several different angles.
The camera shows his foot using a pedal to play the drums.
As the video ends the closing credits are displayed.
A man is in the ocean water, holding a rope.
He is attached to a boat while he is on water skis.
He lifts himself up, skiing in the waves.
A man is underneath an RV trying to fix the wheel as a man stands on the outside helping.
The wheel is then taken off and the other group of people crowd around to find the problem.
As they are talking,the man remains underneath the RV and begins smiling as he holds the rig.
A young woman is seen standing next to a horse and speaking to a small group.
She pushes the horse a bit and begins brushing it's tail while still speaking to the group.
She stops brushing while speaking to the group and walking away.
cherleader team wearing purple uniforms are doing a choreography on the middle of a wooden court.
a lot of people are sitting on stands around the court.
people is walking on sides of the wooden court in a roofed gym.
A man spraying a fence grey using a powerful spray gun.
A man in casually standing behind him watching with his hands crossed, yawning.
The man spraying sprays up and down making good time.
He makes sure to go over all the spots so he doesn't miss any.
A group of four boys are at a table.
As a timer counts, a boy is trying to solve a rubik's cube.
He solves the cube, and shakes hands with the other boys.
A man dressed in winter gear is sitting out in winter on a frozen lake.
He is sitting there with fishing equipment fishing on the frozen lake.
He uses a bait to fish and catches a mid size gray fish.
He shows the two fish that he has caught.
Then he puts his fishing net in a hole in the lake and continues fishing.
He catches another dark gray fish and tosses it in his box.
He continues fishing and catches more fish in that same hole.
He collects the fish in a white bucket.
A gym room with several large boxing bags aligned along the perimeter of the room is shown.
A group of guys then come in the building and they start to run around the bags as a warm up.
Once they are finished,the men pair up with one another and three groups are shown boxing one another.
A bumper sticker then appears saying,"Keep your Eyes on the Prize" and then more pairs of men begin kick boxing.
Text appears on the screen briefly.
The camera pans down the side of a fence.
It stops at a broken section.
It continues to pan down the fence.
Nails are hammered into the fence.
They continue down the fence and remove some dead plants.
They show a product used to clean the fence.
A man sprays the fence with the product.
He drops it and gets some paint.
A painted section of the fence is shown.
A person is seen peeling off potatoes into a box with pausing for a bit to speak to the camera.
The person peels several potatoes and shows of a bowl full of potatoes while peeling even more.
A person jumps off a boat into the water.
A boy is long boarding down a street.
They stop and sit on a park bench.
A person is riding an escalator up.
A man is seen laughing and smiling to himself and leads into him playing a piano before him.
The man pauses and looks off into the distance to see another man speaking to him as well as into a microphone.
A guy bows while standing outside.
The guy start doing karate outside.
The guy does karate indoors and then leaves.
A dog stands with a sweater.
Several shots of an audience cheering are shown as well as many clips of impressive sports events happening.
People hit volleyballs back and fourth to one another while also showing clips of the people celebrating with their team mates.
We see a man talking to a camera then hold a curling stone then people laughing at the man.
The man throws the curling stone as people sweep brooms in front of the stone.
Three ladies throw the stone and slides down the track.
We see people partying an lights flashing.
Images flash of people curing again, and a group of people jump in the air.
We see a title screen for curling.
A crowd watches as several runners in a race jog past.
They all keep jogging, coming in at the end of the race.
Several people are divided up into groups on rafts kayaking through murky water.
The first group of eight people paddle themselves near a cliff and go down the hill and the others trail behind them with the same actions.
For the fifth group, an aerial view is provided and the others way for them to come.
After, each group does the same thing as they maneuver throughout various parts of the water and hitting rocks.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera holding an instrument and leads into her playing the flute.
The camera continues to zoom in on her playing the instrument while she intervenes by speaking to the camera.
A man and woman are having sex and kissing inside a shower.
She pushes him away and starts crying.
A couple is having sex on a bed.
The woman pulls out a feather and licks it.
She rubs it on the mans face.
She has a knife and rubs it down his chest.
She looks up at him and lights a cigarette.
She lays on her back and laughs.
The woman is talking and laughing while holding a snake.
The woman is talking to someone.
A table with food on it is shown.
A wine glass is given to a man by the woman.
He denies the drink and she takes a sip.
They begin to kiss each other.
A girl is playing with sand on a beach.
She then stands up and looks at other people.
A white wall on the interior of a room is shown.
A hand holding a lit match lights a candle.
A man sets the candle beside a sink and begins to wash dishes.
A man is seen holding onto a pair of shoes while speaking to the camera and spraying them down.
The man scrubs the shoes down with a rag while continuing to speak to the camera.
In the end he holds up the shoes while still speaking and giving the camera a thumbs up.
A group of cheerleaders perform doing a tower, then the cheerleaders jump down.
After, the cheerleaders jump, flip and does cartwheels.
Next, the cheerleaders form human towers and dance together.
A big man dressed as batman is running around doing weird nonsensical stuff.
He runs inside of the house and begins to start giving instructions on how to make the perfect batman sandwich.
He is cutting up cheese and adding ham to the sandwich.
He even cuts the bread into a batman shape before finally doing being done.
A small group of people are seen playing games with one another in a large gymnasium.
Many people watch on the sidelines an the people pass a bad mitten back and fourth to one another.
Two men play billiards while taking turns to hit the ball with a stick, while a man plays billiards alone on back.
A man and a child walk in a living room on back the table pool.
A woman walks with a stick next to the men.
A man and a woman are sitting in Hooters the restaurant,the female is an employee and the guy is a regular customer.
He grabs a beer and then kisses the girls.
He tries three more times and he is successful but the third girl was by accident and she hits the guy and becomes extremely upset by it.
The male does it again and more girls in the restaurant begins to kiss him.
A construction worker is standing and talking to the camera while holding a sprayer.
He is very animated while he goes back to sanding and spraying.
A girl travels in a car while talking.
The girl is in a piercing shop, then a man rubs her nose with a tissue and put a mark.
After, the man pierce the nose of the girl and puts a tip.
After, the man cleans the area, and the girl dry some tears on her face.
After, the girl holds a camera on front her face and talks, also shows her piercing.
There's a young man in a red shirt and blue beanie hat playing the harmonica.
He plays rhythmically as he moves the harmonica rapidly through his mouth to play a fast tune.
He continues playing the tune as he closes his eyes in deep concentration.
He moves the harmonica side ways as he continues playing till he comes to an end.
A man is acting as a dj with headphones on.
Another man takes off on a pair of water skis.
He skis as people gather and leave on a pier.
Several people join in on a curling event, holding signs and smiling.
man is standing in front of a screen talking to the camera.
a woman is playing with a cat and its in table with a nail clipper cutting the cat's nails.
A man is wearing sunglasses inside a building.
We see a group of people in the building as they dance aerobically.
They shake in unison, going back and forth and side to side.
A person walks up to a vacuum cleaner and picks up the wand.
The person vacuums a carpet in the hallway of a home.
The person turns off the vacuum then replaces the attachment with a larger one for carpets.
