A man in a black suit talks in front of a television.
A close up of a machine is shown followed by a man shoveling dirt around a floor.
The man then uses the machine around the dirt and waters down the area afterwards.
Another man is seen pouring water down on the ground and pasting white paper down.
A couple of teams are playing lacrosse on an open field.
A crowd watches the game intently.
The players run back and forth across the field, hitting the ball into goals.
A man and woman are seen standing in the middle of a floor with a woman speaking to the camera and leading into her dancing with the man.
The two spin and dance around one another and ends by walking away from each other.
The camera pans over the walls of a shower stall.
A man plasters and installs tiles on the wall.
The man talks to the camera.
The man applies grout to the gaps between the tiles.
The man measures and cuts a tile for installation in the shower.
The man installs the soap dish.
Scrolling text is shown on a blue screen.
Men appear in a field with bulls and the words "Bullfight Laos" appear on screen.
The men gather around the field where two bulls are.
The bulls are encouraged to fight with their horns while the people watch.
People are riding horses on a field.
A dog and a person cross in front of the camera.
The horses are running around on the field.
A man and woman are seen standing on a stage with a spotlight shown on them.
The duo begin playing instruments together while looking at one another as well as the camera.
The two continue playing with one another and pause to look at the camera.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera while holding up various objects and begins brushing her hair.
She ties her hair up while still speaking and holding up several brushes at the sign time.
Various pictures of people painting are shown using several tools on hard walls.
More pictures are shown of people plastering with various text images shown inside.
An old lady knits with a red needle and red wool.
An old lady stops knitting and talks continuously.
The old lady knits again and examines her creation.
A man is hanging up wallpaper.
He looks back at the camera.
He steps down from the step ladder.
A chair appears with the wallpaper.
The man is taking down the paper.
A person is seen standing before a sink with running water and pushing their hands under the water.
They then put soap into their hands, scrub for a bit, and then run their hands under the water.
Finally she runs her hands under the water and dries her hand off with a paper towel.
A man slowly walks over and takes some equipment off of the wall as some dramatic music plays.
He sets up the bow and gets his arrows.
Next we see him outdoors as he walks across some grass towards a target.
He pulls out an arrow and and sets it in his bow.
After a few tries he gets a bulls-eye.
He sets his bow and his arrows down onto a wooden platform.
People are standing in a gymnasium talking.
They start running and throwing balls at each other.
A buff young man is sitting on a machine with a sliding seat demonstrating weight lifting techniques.
He then slides back,puts his feet in the ropes and starts to tie his shoes.
Once complete,the man grabs the rope and moves back and forth while pulling out the rope to exercise.
Now he is done,he drops the ropes and starts to talk again.
Three men are seen sitting on the ground speaking to one another and leading into them riding down a road.
More shots are shown of people skateboarding down a road performing several tricks and walking away.
A woman's feet are shown as she warms up at ballet.
A blonde woman is speaking to the camera, which pans out to her performing various dance moves while talking.
She moves slowly at each step.
She then stops and speaks her final words.
A man is sitting at a table.
A woman steps onto the table and falls into his arms.
She does a back flip off of him onto the floor.
They begin dancing on the dance floor.
A man is seen using a wet rag on a window and moving the cleaner all around the glass.
He continuously dips the object in cleaner and cleans all around the glass while using a rag close behind.
A cheer-leading team begins to hold up posters as their mascot runs behind them.
They then begin to do a routine and some of the girls run with streamers as the rest of them hold up the girls for their stunt.
The stunt is finished and the retreat back to their original position and begin doing cartwheels and other tricks and stunts along with their mascot.
As the routine continues,more stunts are performed and the Tiger mascot continues to cheer with the girls.
woman is painting the fence with white paint.
man is painting a green bench in the park.
Some women are swimming in a pool.
They have babies in their arms as they swim.
They are teaching the babies to go under water and hold their breaths.
A gymnist is seen pushing himself up onto a set of uneven bars while several other people watch on the sidelines as well as perform.
Several older men man runs into frame to check on the gymnast in back while the man on the bars continues his routine.
The athlete does a back flip and finishes his routine while several others run into frame.
A man is seen scraping off a car that is covered with snow and speaking to the camera.
The camera follows the man around as he continues to scrap off the car and speaking to the camera.
The exterior of a business is shown and the blue and white sign on it say's "BORONIA DOG GROOMING & PET SUPPLIES" with a picture of a dog in water and covered with suds and paw prints on the sides of it, and the word "DOG GROOMING" is along the front facing of the ledge that sticks out.
A woman is talking and in between there are clips playing of groomers grooming dogs, customers, dogs walking in the store, products and dogs walking in the store.
The same clip of the exterior of the building that was shown in the beginning, is the same exterior view that is shown at the end.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while holding up a tool.
A person is then seen peeling off a roof using the roof and speaking out loud.
The man continues to take apart the roof.
A man is riding a skateboard indoors and rides it onto a short standing pole on the ground.
The same man is now standing outside talking and the words on the bottom of the screen say his name is "Shawn Connelly" and he's the Founder- San Francisco Skate Club and while he's speaking various words appear at the bottom of the screen at various times as well as clips of him skateboarding showing different moves that the words mention.
The man ends the video of just him talking, no text on the screen, and no other clips showing while he's talking.
A man in a blue shirt is playing basketball on a court.
He shoots at the hoop and misses it.
A person in a white shirt is standing behind them on a tennis court.
Little girls performs holding sticks moving around an spinning the sticks.
The little girls hold the sticks up and jump turning around.
Two women walk toward the door.
After, the little girls spins on the floor, then continue jumping and spinning around.
Next, the girls get together to salute.
People walk in the hallways of a hospital, then a doctor reviews the injured leg of a man leaving green sparkles on the leg and a machine.
Then, the man makes a call and leaves green sparkles on the phone that it is passes to the hand of a nurse that grabs the phone.
After the nurse enters to visit a a sick man as well two doctors who carry green sparkles on their hands that leaves on the sick man.
A person wash hand, use hand sanitizes and cleans an stethoscope to get rid off microbes.
A person is putting salad into a clear bowl.
They grab an orange pepper from a pile.
They chop the pepper in half.
We see a colorful and playful title screen.
We then see people in a room and outdoors at a fancy party.
A woman walks through the door.
The man in the suit come through the gate.
A man in red walks past the camera.
The lady in white sees the camera and hides.
We see Colorful crystal like closing screen.
man is standing in front of a motorbike and puts a toilet lid in the black leathe seat.
the man is driving the motorbike thorugh the street and a dog is running next to him.
the man opens the motorbike trunk and close it.
A screen appears with bike spokes as the background and red words that read "Overhauling & Adjusting Cup & Cone Hubs" and a website in gray right under the red words.
A man then enters and from behind he uses tools on the hub to take it apart, clean it thoroughly, grease it, then he puts it all back together and makes sure everything is secured tight.
The outro is a spinning wheel with fast scrolling words going from the bottom to the top then it quickly fades to a black screen.
An athletic man is seen standing in a circle with his arms out to the side.
The man then begins swinging around an object around and around.
The man continues to spin and ends by throwing it off into the distance.
The camera focuses on a man piloting a sailboat in a harbor environment.
The boat's sail dips into the water.
The man rights the sailboat and continues.
A man is sen standing in front of a large group of people holding onto a rope.
The man raises his arms and the two team begin a game of tug of war.
Another game of tug of war occurs on the side and ends with the men standing straight.
women are standing in a wooden court in a roofed gym playing voleyball while public is in teraces watching the game.
the ball hits a woman for the red team and people run to her.
We see outdoor images then a man in a kitchen.
We see ingredients on a table.
The man mixes the ingredients in a mixer bowl.
The man stirs the mix then turns the mixer back on.
The man mixes the mix and pours it into cake pans.
The man taps the pans then puts the cake in the oven.
We see cookware, cupcakes, and the man cooking.
Then see the bright end screen.
A silver sink is shown and a black hose with a scrubber on the bottom of it begins cleaning the sink with steam coming out of it.
Once completed,the person then takes a white rag and goes into the sink and washes away the moisture from the steam.
A man and a woman are in a room with several targets behind them talking.
The lady is then shown in another room demonstrating the proper technique to be efficient in archery.
Two pattern continues and then the girl comes back and is shown with bows behind her back before shooting at a target on the wall.
Two women wearing matching outfits are on their microphones and kind of half watching a boy play with a rubix cube.
The boy is solving the cube pretty quickly the girl seems pretty shocked.
Then a group of people start trying to a puzzle to see who is the fastest.
Another boy in a blue shirt come up and starts to solve it and when he does the girls give hime a prize.
A close up of a person's feet are shown followed by two men seen in an open room holding tennis rackets and hitting a ball.
Then men hit the ball all around the room while running to each side to hit the ball.
man is standing in a room playing the flute.
the man ends to play and laugh and thanks to the public.
man is wearing a blue shirt and is sitting behind the man playing the flute.
We see the title screen on gray.
Two men are playing squash.
We see a transition urging practice.
A transition starts but doesn't change to anything.
The man in white wipes his brow with his sleeve.
The end credits run up the screen.
An athlete walks in front of a crowd rubbing his hands in powder and grabbing a weight set.
He lifts the weights over his head and throws it down afterwards, raising his hands up with his coach.
Cars and RV's sit outside a rodeo center.
Cowboys practice their lasso work.
People shop inside the store of the rodeo center.
A young kid catches a calf.
A cowboy jumps off his horse to control the calf he has caught.
Another cowboy in a black shirt jumps off his horse.
A man in a pink shirt lassos a calf.
A woman on a horse catches a calf.
Another man jumps off his brown horse to control the calf he has caught.
Several shots of people leading around horses are shown and one ties a horse to pole and wets down a razor.
The woman then cuts the horses mane and rubs down the horses coat while the camera pans around.
The woman unties the horse and finishes by speaking to the camera.
man is standing in the court with a net behind he.
men are playing volyball in a oofed court gym.
Two white pegs are shown in the wall with a red bed on the side and someone hitting it with a large block of wood.
Another angle is shown and the person takes 21 shots at the balls.
For the 22nd shot,a man is standing in a large field of white pegs and begins to hit all three balls at the same time in different directions.
A young man is seen sitting at the bottom of a pool.
He begins moving closer to the camera while smiling.
He then bumps into the wall and moves upwards.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into him holding a piece of paper and two objects.
He puts the objects on a board and sharpens a knife along the object.
He continues speaking to the camera while sharpening the blade and pointing to the object.
A man hangs wallpaper on a blank wall.
Each frame is rolled down and put on the wall.
A man falls down while trying bowl down a lane.
A woman falls down trying to bowl.
A man throws a bowling ball and it hits the ceiling.
A man slips and falls as he's trying to bowl.
A close up of water rapids is shown followed by a group of people attempting to paddle in a raft.
The people riding all down the river while sticking their paddle up at one point all together.
A man is seen holding an axe and looking back to smile at the camera.
The man then swings the axe down and hits a log of wood still smiling at the camera.
Several pictures lead into clips of people riding down a river on canoes and kayaks.
Several people are shown riding along the rough rivers while paddling themselves along.
The people continue to push themselves along the water while the camera follows their movements.
A man is sitting in a chair getting his hair cut by a barber.
A man takes a comb and a pair of scissors and starts to cut the hair above the comb and then combs it to the front of the man's head.
The male then turns and the middle of the hair begins to get trimmed.
Next is the sides and the same actions are repeated until the hair is finished.
Finally,razors are taken out and the barber begins to edge the man's hair and the barber goes over the hair one final time with the comb and scissors.
The video leads into several shots of people standing on a beach as well as playing in the sand.
Several more pictures are shown of people moving along the beach as well as helping others and shots of the scenery.
A man in a white shirt is standing next to parallel bars.
A boy jumps onto the parallel bars and starts swinging back and forth.
The boy starts doing a routine on the parallel bars.
A man runs down two streets in a marathon, in a city setting,  as onlookers from the sideline cheer and clap.
A man in black shorts with a number pinned to his chest is running down a city street in a marathon.
People on the sidelines are clapping for the man and smiling as he continues to run.
The man runs down another street where he runs for a short time behind a bicycler, and as a motorcyclist comes up from behind him near the sidewalk which has a metal barrier running the length of it.
A guy sits with his legs close to his chest.
The guy is exercising by pulling a handle.
The guy stops exercising fixes his reading glasses and touches his beard.
The guy removes his legs from the exercise machine and touches the knob.
A person is seen wiping off the face of a baby with a rag while the baby sticks it's tongue out.
the woman continues cleaning the baby and is shown smiling to the camera and waving.
A hand is showing a curved blade knife, and then he showed an ice pick with white paper at the end of it.
The man threw the blade on the plywood, then he threw the ice pick.
A person is seen sitting before a camera and leads into him looking and holding up a contact lens.
The person then holds their eye open and putting the lens in followed by looking back to the camera.
Shots of people standing on the sides are shown as well as a group of girls playing tug of war with one another.
Several more shots are shown of girls playing tug of war against one another while people celebrate on the sides as well as with their team mates.
People are standing around an arena wearing cowboy hats.
They release a calf from a box.
A man on a horse runs after the calf.
He ties the legs of the calf and gets up and walks away.
A little chinese boy sits in a room on the floor with books and toys around him while he looks into the camera.
the little chinese boy then goes outside and start playing in a park,having fun by his self while the camera man record him.
the boy little slides down the slide,climb steps while smiling and having fun.
A boy in an orange shirt is playing a video game.
The scene changes to the game itself.
The scene changes back to the boy.
The camera zooms in on the controller.
The scene goes back to the game.
There is a close up of the boy's face.
The camera shows the TV with the back of the boy's head.
The game is playing until the end.
The boy says something and TV has numbers on it.
The boy is talking again.
The boy gets up and leaves the room.
He goes to the bathroom and is rubbing his eyes.
He looks in the mirror then reaches for the face wash and puts some in his hand.
He throws the face wash on the washing machine.
He puts his head in the sink and washes his face angrily.
When he looks in the mirror again, it is an old man.
He falls to the floor.
He washes his face again and this time it turn to a skull.
He rubs his face and the skull falls into the sink.
A woman is standing on a track talking.
She jumps into a pile of sand.
She is sprinting down the track.
It shows her stretching and jumping into a pile of sand.
People play shuffleboard in a gym.
A woman throws a black puck, then she talks and continue playing.
Old man wearing a cap talks in the gym .
Two women talks side by side, one of the woman holds a pole.
Ehow and Style are on the screen.
A woman is standing at a table with a shoe and a can of hairspray.
The woman sprays hairspray on a scuff mark on the shoe and takes a cotton tip and rubs the scuff mark out.
The scuff mark is gone and she talks to the camera.
The video ends with a ehow promo.
a woman walks onto a blue lit stage.
She starts flipping back and forth on the stage.
She is spinning and twirling a baton while she performs before disappearing.
A tattoo artist is seen tattooing a girls foot and leads into a man speaking to the camera.
The man continues speaking to the camera as well as pointing and looking away.
People are throwing balls into plastic cups.
A hand knocks over a red plastic cup and wastes the liquid inside.
A male reaches for a ball that rolls under a table.
A plastic cup has a white suspension inside.
A man welds and machine carves a wooden board.
A guy carries a lady as they gesture and cheer.
A boy is standing on a court holding a racquet in his right hand, a ball comes his way and he hits it very hard.
The boy walks towards the left and a man is there hitting the ball and he and the boy go back and forth taking turns hitting the ball very hard against the wall in front of them.
The ball rolls on the ground, the boy picks it up and hits it to the wall and once more the man hits the ball and the camera points to the ground.
A group of boys are lined up, playing the drums.
A couple of teams are inside the pool.
They are playing a game of water polo.
A woman peforms before a court on a basketball gym.
She is a majorette, flipping and throwing her baton into the air.
The crowd watches as she flips, throws, and turns.
A man in a black shirt is holding a saxophone.
He begins playing the saxophone.
He stops playing and continues talking.
An athletic man is seen standing in a circle followed by spinning around and throwing an object off into the distance.
More people are seen stepping up throwing the object while the camera watches.
Several people watch on the sidelines.
A man is cleaning leaves off a sidewalk with a broom and a shovel.
The man sweeps the leaves in a circle and puts them in the bin.
A yellow bus rides past the man.
The man sweeps again and puts the leaves in the bin.
A dance class is choreographing a routine and everyone is generally in sync with each other.
They move back and forth, up and down, and shake their chests.
A small group of people are seen playing a game of lacrosse on a field with a man walking towards them.
The man yells to the players as they run up and down the field and continues to watch them as they play.
A person rides a wake board behind a boat through the choppy water.
The wake boarder jumps over the wake of the boat and does flips.
The wake boarder does a final jump and falls into the water.
An intro screen appears with logos, company names and website.
A woman bends down in front of 3 boxes and begins to pull out tiled carpet pieces from the top box.
A bunch of tools appear on a tiled floor and they include: Carpet Tape,Knife, Sticky Tabs and a T-Square.
The woman is on a tiled floor with a pile of tiled carpets in front of her and she begins to dust off the excess carpet pieces off of the front and back of the pieces.
A screen appears with the words "Methods of Installation" and includes 3 different diagrams of layouts, and then shows different tiled carpets in each layout.
A woman is now kneeling on a tiled piece of carpet and she's pulling double sided sticky tapes off of a sheet and places them onto the tiled carpets and sticks them onto the floor.
A different woman appears near a wall and she's demonstrating how to cut tiles once a wall is reached and uses a long ruler to measure, cut, and break apart the carpet tile and places it back onto the floor.
The outro is a white screen with the logos, company names, and website.
woman are practicing jumps in a cheerlading team.
woman is laying down in a bed and a man is assisting her.
A man watches a performance on tv while playing a set of hand drums at home.
The man looks forward and focuses while playing the drums.
The man leans back and plays vigorously on the drums.
A boy talks to the camera at a beach.
A man walks from right to left in the background.
The boy interacts with a man in front of a sand castle.
A woman walks from right to left in the background.
Several still images of the boy and the man, sometimes with other people, are shown in front of he sand castle at various stages of completion.
The boy, now with two smaller children, interact with the man who is still working on the sand castle.
More still images of various groups of people beside the sand castle are shown.
A young woman is shown sitting down and speaking to the camera white holding a shirt.
She ties the shirt around her arm and dips it into the water and scrubs it with her hands.
A car is stopped at a red light and there's a view of a small town that has some snow on the ground.
The light turns green and the car drives down the street and there's no people walking on the sidewalk and just one truck parked.
On the right side there's someone shoveling ice from the road and the car passes him.
A person is seen turning her neck to the side and a person wearing gloves holding a needle.
The person then pierces the ear of the girl sitting down.
He puts an earring through the piercing and makes sure it's in place.
a man is riding a horse in a rodeo and catch a bull while in stands people are watching them andother man in a hse are on side of the court.
men are riding a horse in a barn and throw a rope to catch a bull.
A cat is in a woman's lap in the bathroom.
She pulls a towel over the cat's head.
She then gently tries to clip his claws one at a time.
The video starts with a logo of the cathedrals of light.
Next a group of people are shown.
Then people are shown swimming in an underwater world.
Reefs and rocks are shown underwater.
Scuba divers are shown swimming deep into the water exploring what is around.
A woman is seen bending forward while sitting on a bed and holding a brush in her hands.
She then runs the brush through her hair over and over again.
She continues to run the brush through her hair and ends by smiling to the camera.
A boy is shown going down a slide.
A woman is talking to the camera at the park.
Kids are shown playing on various equipment.
woman wearing a red shirt is arm wretling again anothe woman laying on the floor.
a blonde woman wearing grey shirt is arm wrestling with another woman on a room.
the winner woman is making poses laying on the floor.
A man is shown speaking to the camera and leads into a woman trimming the fur on a dog.
The speaks more to the camera while other dogs are shown groomed and one woman walks away holding two excited dogs.
More shots of dogs held are shown while the man speaks and the camera pans around the building.
A young girl in a room talks to a camera and shows off her hair style.
She then goes back to before it was braided and combs it out, sectioning it off.
She then takes two sections and intertwines them, and grabs more lengths of hair as she goes down the braid.
She then tucks the braid to the side and grabs lengths of hair to secure it to the side and incorporates lengths from the back of her hair.
Her hair is succesfully braided and she shows off the finished look.
A little girl stands on a diving board.
Then the little girl jumps, flip and dives in the swimming pool.
People are in the swimming pool.
A bunch of people are inside a dimly lit gym.
They are riding recumbent bikes while being led.
They clap their hands and pedal quickly.
Several small children drive around in bumper cars.
One of them continuously spins in circles.
She rides alone after the others have left.
A woman is standing in a room, surrounded by yoga gear.
She then shows how to use a stepper to exercise, stepping on and off, side to side.
She talks a little longer about the exercise.
A man in a blue shirt picks up a child.
He lifts him up to sit on his shoulder.
He throws the kid on his back onto a bed.
People start to play a game of pool.
A man talks to the camera and laughs.
Words are shown on the screen.
A woman talks and fix her wet hair, also she shows a brush and a dry hair.
The woman brush her hair on different directions using a hair dryer.
Then, the woman stops and shows her hairstyle while talking.
After, the woman shows the direction to comb hair, then uses a hair iron to straight the hair.
A man dressed in a blue uniform is fighting against a male dressed in an all red uniform.
The man in the red,picks him up and drops him down on the wrestling match.
After,the referee drops down and pounds the mat counting down the end of the match.
A gymnast put power chalk power on his hands and stands near the pommel horse.
Then, the gymnast approach the pommel horse to spin around many times.
Then, the gymnast stand on his hand and jumps to land on the floor, while people applaud.
A little baby is outside holding a stick attempting to hit the pinata with it.
Behind her,a lady is holding up the baby and assisting her as she hits the pinata.
As the pinata bounces up and down,the young baby barely hits it and then ends up turning towards the camera.
A camera pans around the outside of a building and surrounding areas and leads into several shots of people riding bikes on a track.
Many people watch the race on the sidelines as the people continue going around the track and others record their time.
Many people sit around speaking with one man speaking to a large group.
More shots of people speaking and riding are shown and the audience cheers them on in the stands.
A man is seen playing a saxophone into the camera and leads into him speaking.
More shots are shown of him playing the instrument while pausing to play more.
He continues playing along and ends by smiling to the camera.
man is holding a impact drill pulling out a car wheel.
man is holding the wheel in a table and taking out the rubber from the rim and he changes it for another.
car is in street next to a mountain.
A man plays many games of shuffleboard in a room occupied by other people and many other shuffle boards.
A man in a collared shirt and glasses plays shuffleboard with metal pucks and a long wooden shuffleboard in front of a lit scoreboard in a room.
The man puts paper towels over his eyes and under his glasses to absorb sweat from the intensity of the shuffleboard game.
The man continues to play shuffleboard with a few onlookers in a room with a final visual shot of all but one of the pucks off of the shuffleboard.
Men are lifting heavy weights over their head several times.
A man in a blue shirt is watching one of the men.
A man in a gray shirt is mimicking the person lifting the weight.
Several people are on horses at a rodeo.
One man comes out of the gate and ropes a calf.
The calf falls to the ground as he is roped into place.
He tries to stand, but another man grabs him.
A marching band parades down the street, playing drums and other instruments.
People on both sides of the street watch the band perform.
A person is seen standing on the beach with a soccer ball in front of him and a person standing in a goal.
The person then kicks the ball several times to the goalie.
The goalie attempts to block the shots that are aimed at the net.
A man runs on a pair of stilts down an alley.
He bounces over a bike as he runs.
He then runs up the side trim of a building before disappearing around the corner.
A person in a black coat is shoveling show from a driveway.
A man is being shown standing in a garage.
A man wearing black bathing trunks sitting on an inner tube as it slides down a tubing slide.
A man wearing dark trunks stands on an enclosed water slide ride at a water park.
Two men slide down a blue water slide at a water park and end up in a huge swimming pool.
Different scenes of a group of people swimming in different parts of a water park.
Two people are seen speaking to the camera and leads into a ruler being shown and the woman holding a sponge.
She wipes down a wall while the man sands it down and then are seen measuring the length of the wall.
Then they lay paper down, cut the paper, and align it onto the wall.
They rub in the paper, press it along the wall, and smile back at the camera.
A man is seen laying on the ground holding onto his stomach.
He begins moving himself up and down on the ground while holding onto his waist.
He continues moving up and down while the camera captures his movements.
man is sitting in a living room talking to the camera.
man starts playing the flute and keep talknig.
Dirt bikes race across a bumpy track.
A rider falls off his bike and a trailing bike hits him and knocks him back to the ground.
The words "2014 FIM MOTOCROSS WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP MXGP" appear on screen followed by social links.
We see a boy playing drums in an instrument store.
We see a man across the room playing drums.
We see a girl, another boy, and the dad.
We see the man across the room, then the boy.
The boy in stripes touches something on the drums.
We see the boy and the man at the same time.
The boy in the stripes shirt rocks back and forth.
The boy finishes and looks at the camera.
The fingers are pressing the black keys.
One finger is pressing one key.
The fingers are moving to different keys and pressing them.
A man in sunglasses is standing outside a building.
He is then seen inside an elevator, acting strangely as he punches the air with different people riding.
He is intentionally trying to scare and worry them.
Gymnasts stretch and prepare for a routine.
They do a bunch of things with their shirts off.
woman is with two kids in snow in a open land and they are on a inflatable sliding down a mountain.
kids walks with the inflatable on their hands through the field and run to the mountain again.
Several people parasail on a body of water surrounded by other boats, foliage and houses in the distance.
Several people in swim trunks sail in a body of water  with multi colored parasails.
A person in the foreground in blue swim trunks flips the sail over but the sail twists and lands on the bottom so that the person and the sail land on their feet.
A large stage is seen that transitions to various angles of people performing jump roping tricks on a stage in slow motion.
More shots are shown of various people performing incredible jump roping skills and ends with one group holding their arms up.
A group of women wearing blue dresses are dancing on a stage in sync they dropped to the ground and the screen fades to black.
A woman alone then appears on the stage with white words on the bottom left that say "BALLET D'ORIENT",and a special effect background and she begins to belly dance, then other women join her.
The spotlight fades as the routine ends and the screen fades to black.
A man is standing in a room talking.
Another man is painting the walls of the room.
The man sets his paint can and his towel down next to him.
An audience is gathered in a gymnasium to watch the gymnast on the pommel horse.
He concentrates, and then mounts to begin his routine.
He performs first one, and then a second impressive handstand while gripping one handle with both hands.
He completes his routine, and then finishes with a flawless dismount to cheering.
A man spins and throws a ball onto the field.
Another man spins and throws a ball on the field.
People in the stands are huging the athlete.
A man fills a pot with water and adds salt and oil, and then boil the water while talking.
Then, the man puts the spaghetti in the bowling pot.
After, the man taste the spaghetti and drain it.
Next, the man adds grated cheese and oil on the spaghetti.
A young girl with a ponytail plays a drumkit, she appears to a trained musician.
The girl focuses on one particular drum.
The girl continues to play different parts of the drumkit.
A man uses a beard trimmer to trim his cheeks and neck.
The man strokes his goatee and examines it.
The man trims his chin area to make a mustache.
A woman is holding a baby on the beach.
She sets the baby on a towel and starts rubbing sunscreen on the baby.
She picks the baby up and gives it a kiss.
A group of people are swimming in a large indoor pool.
They swim laps back and forth as they go.
They try to compete, getting to the other side the fastest.
A large group of people are walking towards the camera and they look like they're in a small village.
As the people get closer we see a man and a child are holding onto a saddle attached to a camel and riding on it while another man holds the leash and guides the camel.
The camel passes the camera person and we get a view of the camel walking away and a view of a different side of the area that looks like a village.
A woman spins a blindfold person holding a stick on front a piñata.
Then, the person hits the strong, while the piñata is moving.
The person laugh and the woman approach her.
Some people are playing beer bong having a good time, the man throws fist and he makes it into the girls cup.
She drinks her drink and then wets her ball in water before throwing her ball.
Then, she takes a seat and the other guy takes his turn.
Then it's the girl on the other teams turn, they keep taking their turns and drinking away, having a good time.
A man is seen bending down before a large weight while looking off into the distance.
He then picks the weight up over his head.
Finally he throws the weight down on the floor.
Intro leads into A man mopping up dirt on a floor and showing the tools afterwards.
Several shots of mops pushing around dirt is shown followed by the better mop being dipped into water and dripped on a table.
A 3d mop shows how it works with a woman also moping up things on her floor.
Several other shots of people mopping are shown as well as people shrugging and where to buy the mops.
We see a person waving something.
A white screen then two boys in the kitchen.
We see a counter with ingredient.
The boys then mix ingredients in a bowl.
We see a person shift flour in a bowl.
Someone stirs the cookie dough in a bowl.
The dough is put on a sheet.
A boy washes the dishes.
The cookies are put in an oven.
A boy plays a guitar the other boy sings.
Each boy eats a cookie and we see them come out of the oven.
A poked cookie breaks apart.
A boy shakes his head yes and plays with a big black dog.
Kids are playing lacrosse on a field.
A woman in a blue jacket is standing on the field watching them.
The kids are chasing around a yellow ball.
A grooming room is shown and three people are washing different dogs.
Other rooms are shown and the dogs continue being groomed and laying down on the ground waiting for their turn.
After,the camera leaves the back of the office and the reception area is shown.
An individual  rides on an inner tube down a river with rocks in it.
A man pushes the individual downstream.
Another man pushes the individual further downstream.
A woman in a purple coat is talking.
She starts brushing a horse with the brush.
She cleans the bottom of the horse's foot.
She sprays the horse's tail and starts brushing it.
She finishes and continues talking to the camera.
This is a documentary on horseback riding.
They explain the power, thrill, fun, grace, flying, friends, freedom, and love of horseback riding.
They then show the difficulties of training horses, the dangers of riding them, and the downside of competition.
Then they show the highlights of competitive riding.
We see the title screen for the video.
We change to a woman putting on her cold weather clothes.
She grabs a shovel and walks away.
We see the lady sitting and laying on a chair and reading.
The lady is outside shoveling the snow and talking.
We see articles online about shoveling.
The lady is jumping and warming up.
We see a snowy city and then people shoveling snow.
Bullfighting is being advertised on the screen.
There are clips of bull fights and man is talking about his bull fighting experience.
The bull rolls a barrel while the clown is behind it.
A trophy is awarded to the bull fighter.
man is sitting in a room playing congas.
keyboard is behind the man playing congsa in a room.
man is playing salsa in congas in a music room.
A woman is seen laying down on a table with a man tattooing her from behind.
A woman watches on the side as the man continues tattooing and the woman having him stop.
The woman continues trying to get the tattoo but stopping and speaking to the camera because it hurt so bad.
This a video tutorial on getting box braids.
A screen pops up with several websites and social media addresses.
There are stills of the processes to make the braids shown on a girl in a pink jacket.
Then a video shows how the process looks in actual time using a comb and the technique of separating the braids as a woman braids the hair by hand.
Then there is a front view of the little girl in pink as the woman behind her finishes up the braiding process at the front of her head.
There are screen text that mentions how the hair looks six hours later.
Then there are still shots of the results of her hair being braided.
Cleaning supplies (and the list of names appear on the screen) are on an island in a kitchen.
A woman walks in, grabs the supplies, starts spraying the sink and begins scrubbing with a sponge.
The woman then starts rinsing the sink with the hand held sprayer until it's all clean.
The cleaning spray is on the edge of the counter and text on the screen below it read "For tough stains repeat as necessary.
The female gymnast raised her arm as the judge raise the flag.
The gymnast jump to the beam, balanced herself, did thumbling several times run and balanced herself and did thumbling.
The girl jump of the beam landing to the blue mat.
Water splashing on a watch tower.
People sitting on the beach in a boat.
music plays in the background as different people are sailing during different clips.
little kid is in a parking playing hopscotch next to cars.
man wearing shorts is standing next to the hopscotch game.
litle blond kid is standing in street playing in font of a man.
We see people playing paintball on a football field.
The people take off and head out into the field.
The man is crawling on the ground.
He fills his gun with orange balls.
A person walks up to the bag near the man.
The man reloads his gun with blue balls.
We see a man behind a fence and the man is walking.
A couple is sitting outside talking.
They go in the house and gather supplies for shaving, which are listed on the screen.
The woman lathers the man up, Then shaves his beard and mustache using a beaver boar brush and razor.
She then rinses him clean, and applies aftershave.
He is then shown giving her a shoulder rub.
A large group of people are seen swimming around a pool while a coach yells on the sides.
Shots of people playing are shown when one hits the other.
The coaches yell to one another while people still play the game.
A person uses a leaf blows and blows leafs.
The dog runs to the right and out of the path.
The dog runs back and fort in front of the leaf blower.
The man is jumped to the two white poles and stand on his arms.
The man in red shirt outside the court is watching the athlete as he swing on the pole.
The athlete swing and then jumped of the pole and swing up and the air and landed on the mat.
A young boy plays the violin.
He stops playing the violin.
A man stops his bike on the sidewalk.
He jumps down to look at the wheel, then uses a tool to press into the rubber.
He continues talking about the tool before joining in a bike race, then going back to talking on the sidewalk.
A small girl is at an amusement park dart rewards game.
A lady who is working at the stand comes and asks her how many darts she would like to use, she gives the girl the darts.
The girl starts throwing darts, she is only able to hit one balloon, she asks for help but does not get it.
A blindfolded man is standing outside with vehicles parked behind him and he's playing a small set of bongos as well as a large set of bongos right next to it.
The man quickly only hits the small bongos and then moves onto the big bongos going from his right to his left.
On the return back going from his left to his right, he hits only the large bongos first, then hits the smaller bongos.
A man shows a boot and shining tools.
Then, the man cleans the shoe with a cloth.
After, the man points the tip of the shoe and applies black paint and shows insoles .
Then, the man polish the shoes using a cream, after spray the shoes.
Several adults are a doing a stepping exercise onto platforms.
They step on and of and spin around.
They do a cart wheel off the platform.
They end their exercise and step off.
There are two brown hot dog dogs standing at a gate that's at the end of a staircase.
One of the dogs closest to the gate gets the gate open and both of the dogs go running up the stairs at a very fast pace while the camera person runs after them.
The dogs are so fast that the camera person can't keep up with them and when they find them, the dogs are trying very hard to get into a bath tub that has water in it.
The first dog succeeds in jumping in and starts swimming in the water, and the other dog can't get in and continues to jump and struggle until the camera person puts the dog in the tub and now both dogs are playing and swimming happily in the water.
A man walks outside plugs his lawn mower in and gets ready to mow.
He starts mowing his lawn casually going over all the grass.
His dog comes outside and starts to follow him a little while he's closer to the house.
The yard is slowly starting to look really really nice, once he is completely finished the yard looks great, nice and smooth.
A woman is knitting in bed.
The woman puts her arms down to catch the yarn.
The woman shows what she was making.
A large group of people are seen riding down multiple rafts down a rigorous river while paddling continuously.
Several shots are shown of the people riding down while holding their sticks up into the air and ends with people stopping to eat.
Two young man and a man play pool hitting white balls with a cue stick.
The young man hits balls that land in the pocket of the pool table.
Then, the man puts the balls in a metal triangle and arrange others balls.
After, the  young man strikes the white ball but immidiately stop it with the cue sticks.
Next, the young man strikes the balls and sends a white ball to a pocket.
The man strikes a white ball and send balls in the pocket.
At the end, the young man puts the ball inside a metal triangle.
woman is walking in a green grassy backyard.
man is standing in a bacyard in front of a fence with a machine in front of him.
woman is in the backyard and a man is behind her using a lawn mower to cut the grass.
man is walking  with some white plastic bags on the cloth.
A child swings on monkey bars.
The child dismounts from the monkey bars.
The child walks towards the camera.
Three people are in a news room, talking to the camera.
A team is playing ice hockey, and celebrating as they win a game.
The happy teammates smile for interviews in the locker room after.
The news casters are shown holding number sticks and laughing.
We see kids playing dodge ball in a trampoline park.
We see a boy hit with the ball and throw it back.
We see a boy in green throw the ball hard.
The boy in striped shirt joins the game and the boy in red is out.
A girl walks past the camera waving her hand.
A boy in a yellow shirt walks towards the camera.
A man uses a mallet to chip ice off of a car while it is snowing outside and a man videos him from behind.
A man in a black winter coat and gloves uses a mallet to chip ice off of an ice covered car in the snow.
The man then takes his car keys and tries to open the trunk which is frozen and requires tugging to open.
The man continues to slam at the ice on the car with the mallet as the ice chips off in chunks.
The man tries to open his trunk again, this time the opening is easier and the man climbs into the trunk of the car to the front of the car to open the drivers door from the inside drivers seat.
A large, blue ball is tossed in the air.
A child runs to catch a blue, large ball.
The child falls on the lawn.
A group of people are on an obstacle course together.
They are hiding behind the obstacles and shooting at each other with paint guns.
They run around, then gather and hug when they are done.
We see young ladies hug each other on a track.
We then see replay from their run.
A lady swings her arms as she finishes.
We see a title screen.
We see a 4 ladies throwing the hammer.
A lady hugs someone after her thrown.
A lady hugs a woman and a man.
A man and woman are riding bikes quickly down a paved street.
they stop, pumping air into their tires.
they then replace the tubes and get back on their bikes.
They continue riding down the road.
Video from the 1980's is shown.
Celebrities play a game of tug of war outdoors.
The team with Lou Ferrigno playing on it wins the contest.
Ferrigno and other celebrities are interviewed.
A man is seated at a black jack table.
He is talking about the game and showing the cards and chips.
He shows how to deal each hand, and how to dispense the chips to the winners.
A special effect video clip appears with someone running on a treadmill and white words on the middle of the screen that read "CityNews HEALTH".
A man and woman newscaster appear sitting on stools, both dressed in work attire and talking to the camera and to one another.
The newscaster woman is now shown outdoors and talking to people on a beach, and clips of people sunbathing, applying suntan lotion, and different types of suntan lotions are show.
The newscaster woman is now sitting on the beach, holding a bottle of suntan lotion and begins to apply lotion all over her arm.
A new clip appears with the newscaster woman interviewing a Doctor, then a woman is shown sitting in a chair while the Doctor is standing up talking to her, and the banner below say's his name is "DR PAUL COHEN DERMATOLOGIST" and various clips of people playing in the sun play in between him talking.
The newscaster woman is back indoors with the man she was shown with earlier and they end with a smile.
People are riding horses in an indoor arena.
People are sitting outside the arena watching them.
They stop the horses and the girl turns around.
An Asian girl sitting at a desk describes arm wrestling.
the girl introduces An Asian boy who sits across from the Asian girl.
The girl and boy prepare to arm wrestle as a referee stands above the girl arm wrestler uses both arms and pushes in the wrong direction.
The girl and boy arm wrestlers get into position again with the referee setting them up they begin wrestling.
The girl wrestler tries to wrestle using both arms and her body but falls to the floor.
A boy runs slowly down a path.
He takes a huge leap into the air.
He lands in a giant sand pit.
We see the opening title screen.
We see a man working on a piece of equipment.
The man heats the caulk and scrapes it off.
The screen flashes and the man puts on new caulk.
The man stops and points at the caulk The end scene is seen.
A man swings his arms around over his head.
He thin spins his whole body.
The man releases the hammer and lowers his arms.
Women are standing on the sand watching while some other women surf.
A few of them are out there in the ocean riding on the waves enjoying the ride.
One of them only has one arm and she surfs so well, its amazing.
They carry her over and then 4 girls stand while they get gifts for their performance and the one handed girl gets to talk about it.
A woman spins a rod on the air while spinning and dancing, then she throws the rod high and spins before to catch the rod.
The woman continues spinning the rod around body, also throw the rod in the air.
Then, the woman rolls the rod on her arms, then she throw the rod in the air and  and does a cartwheel before catching the rod.
Next, the woman rolls the rod on her neck graciously and end her performance.
Three men are walking with the stilts.
One of the men with stilts splits at the center.
One of the men jumped so high several time with his stilts.
A GoPro camera is seen and then another screen appears showing that the camera has won awards.
A camera is mounted on the helmet of a water skier and after he gets himself into position a man on a horse by a pond pull him for a ride.
Near land he lets go and falls into the water, as he celebrates and points at the man on the horse as a dog runs by.
A screen appears asking to submit footage to the GoPro awards.
A woman is seen wiping down a mirror that leads into her standing behind a counter.
She pours ingredients into a buckets, soaks the sponge in the bucket, then wipes down a mirror with a wiper.
A envelope with a key on it is shown.
A woman wraps a book in brown paper.
A woman in a gray sweater is talking.
A woman waves at the camera.
They finish wrapping the book and put the envelope on the front of the package.
The words thank you is stamped inside a book.
A person is standing on a diving board.
They jump off the diving board into the pool.
He falls backward into the water.
Someone is jumping into the water off the diving board.
A  person jumps and goes under the water.
A man is jumping high and does a flip into the water off of the diving board.
A person does a black flip into the water off the diving board.
Two people are seen running inside an indoor closed room and hitting a tennis ball around with rackets.
The men continue running around hitting the ball off the wall.
A volunteer rakes leaves in a front yard.
Volunteers carry and set up yard tools and cleaning products.
A group of volunteers rake the leaves together in front of a house.
Volunteers all eat together in a cafeteria.
A man loads up bags of leaves and drops them off at a collection yard.
A runner tests a prosthetic leg in a long distance run.
He runs inside then runs outside.
The credits of the clip are shown.
The product's varying sizes are displayed.
The guy pours product in a container and uses a brush to put the liquid on the surface of a metal object.
The guy puts a white cloth on the edge.
The guy runs the metal object repeatedly across the white cloth.
The credits of the video are shown.
A title screen appears in red letters and then fades out in a martial arts classroom.
In a small martial arts classroom the students are gathered around, singing, clapping and playing instruments around a small circle for 5 capoeira matches where the fighters dancing and swinging their legs and arms and at the end of each match the fighters shake hands, hug and touch the musicians.
Then a closing screen with a logo for the Capoeira school.
A series of people violently falling off of water skis while water skiing exhibits.
A person crashing into a family on the beach from going full speed on a water ski occurs.
Several more people are shown crashing while on water skis with one man crashing and the water turning red at the point of impact and crashing.
A last clip shows someone going  up a ramp on water skis and then crashing into the water.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera while standing in front of a board.
She begins moving up and down the board while spinning herself around and moving her body.
She continues to move and stops to face the camera in the end.
A person rides down a rapid on an inter tube in a group of friends on a rocky river.
The people in the intertubes are helped along by a river guides in polo shirt.
A man is standing on a ledge of a tower.
He jumps off and bungee jumps.
It is shown in slow motion.
A man and a boy walks around a wood fire holding sheets and wearing corned hats, while a crowd stand in a circle.
Then, the man  stand and talks to people.
Suddenly, fire and smoke come out from the wood fire with sparkles.
There are two high school students in the high school cafeteria standing next to a table where some students are sitting.
One of the students is undressing and changing his shorts while the other student in a red shirt is watching him.
After the student finishes changing, the boy in the red shirt makes fun of him.
The student gets provoked and punches the boy in the red shirt on his face, causing him to fall on the ground on his head.
A set of kids are in bumper cars and begin driving and hitting each other.
One of the young kids runs into wall and the males who are operating the ride assist the child.
An unseen person demonstrates how to remove and install a tire valve on a tire using a special tool.
A pair of hands is seen yielding a metal tool over a yellow walled tire lying on a flat surface.
The hand uses the metal curved tool to pluck the old tire valve out of its hole.
The hand then uses a metal, black, tool to insert a new valve into the tire.
A man is standing by a desk talking with some coaches about something.
He begins to walk backwards and get himself ready to start running.
He starts running and builds up speed pretty quickly.
He lands into the sand and when he is done and man come behind him to smooth the sand out.
A shuffleboard is sitting against a wall.
Someone throws a ball down it.
A green ball gets through down after it.
A bumper car arena is shown followed by people driving around and bumping into one another.
Several shots are shown of people crashing into one another and a man speaking to the camera in the end.
We see a dark opening screen.
We see people grooming various dogs.
We see a man fluff the fur on a large dog.
We see a man blow dry a dog.
We see a large black dog being blow dried.
A man combs a dogs hair straight up.
We see two dark ending screens.
We see a pregnant lady doing ballet in a studio.
The lady spins and does a pliea.
The people in the background clap for the lady.
The lady then walks off camera while laughing.
The biker is cycling and jumping over the big ramps.
The biker jumps in the ramp with his bike in front up.
Four bikers raced and jumped over the ramps, the biker in white is leading in the race.
A man talks while holding  bagpipes.
He then plays the bagpipes.
The man moves his fingers to change the sound while he plays.
A group of students stretch out in gym class.
A group of band students practice inside a classroom and gym.
The school band  plays during outdoor events and sporting games.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera and leads into her pouring ice into a glass followed by various liquids.
She mixes the liquids back and fourth and ends by presenting the drink and putting in a lemon with straw.
A woman is seen standing behind an ironing board ironing a shirt while speaking to the camera every now and then.
The moves the shirt all around the table ironing it and holding it up in the end to present.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera while holding up a bucket and pot.
She pours water out of the pot into the bucket as well as some detergent.
She then washing clothes in the bucket using water continuously as well as a toothbrush.
She lays out the clothes in the end as well as hangs them up.
Beets are being chopped up on a chopping block.
They are put in a pan and covered with water.
Kale is being chopped up on a cutting board.
It is tossed in salt for a few minutes.
Carrots are grated over the kale.
A tomato is diced and mixed with dressing.
This is then poured over the kale.
A man takes a bite of the salad.
A man runs all around doing jump rope while the crowd cheers.
Some people are crawling around in the background on the floor.
The man finishes the routine and then runs over to hug a woman.
A group of women and a man are playing volleyball in the sand on a beach.
They lob the pink ball back and forth over the net.
A woman goes behind a piece of equipment to grab the ball.
A woman sits by the beach applying sunscreen to the top of her back.
An air balloon flies through the air.
A dj is seen spinning a disc.
A woman walks her suitcase.
Some graphic cars crash into each other.
High orange flames are seen.
A man speaks on a microphone.
Suddenly, a man jumps on the neck of a person and throw him to the floor.
Other men competes wrestling, and one man jumps and land on the border of a wrestling ring.
A wrestler jumps on the back of a man to stay upside down while the judge watch.
A big man kicks another wrestler, then grabs his head a throw to the floor.
A kid and a person jumps to celebrate.
A large group of people are seen standing around a beach as well as several shots of cars and people riding bulls.
Various people ride the bulls and sit in the cars as well as end with a game of volleyball and celebrating.
A man wiggles his toes while seated in a room barefoot.
The man puts on his shoes and ties the laces.
The man dances his feet around while seated.
We see an opening title screen.
We see balls and paddle and a blue table then a man talks and two men playing table tennis.
We see an instructional title screen.
The man demonstrates hitting a ball and we see him in play hitting the ball.
We see the ending title screen.
Two men are seen standing around a large room and hitting a tennis ball around with tennis rackets.
The men hit the ball back and fourth to one another and run around the room at the same time.
People are in a rodeo arena while a man on a horse prepares a rope with a loop.
Then,the man spins the loop and throw to catch a calf, then run and tie the calf.
A young man enters the arena and untie the calf.
A man exercises by doing animated stretches in a doorway while holding a tennis racket.
A woman approaches him and the two begin to talk.
The man and woman begin to play tennis in a closed gym room by hitting the tennis ball against a wall with their tennis racket.
The man becomes irate as he plays and begins stomping, yelling, wildly gesturing and pushing the woman down on the floor when she falls as they play the game.
When the game ends the woman leaves, looking upset and the man looks satisfied as he begins doing wild stretches in front of the doorway and talking to another person.
A man and a little boy are mowing a lawn.
The man pushes the real mower back and forth.
The little boy follows him with a toy mower.
We see the opening screen on orange.
A lady is cooking in a kitchen.
The lady pours ingredients into a bowl and stirs.
The lady stirs an egg mixture and mixes it in with her original bow.
She puts it in a glass pan and puts the pan in the oven.
We then see the finished product.
A large school of small fish swim in the ocean.
A seal swims in the ocean.
The scene switches to a dog scuba diving with humans.
The dog is shown with a human on a ship, with part of its scuba equipment on.
The scene returns to the dog scuba diving.
The scene changes to a cat walking around.
The cat is shown swimming and scuba diving.
The cat and dog are shown in various quick scenes together.
A man walks around while adjusting a belt, with many other people in the room.
The man walks through a tunnel flanked by several other men.
The man gets on a stage and powders his hands.
The man walks before a barbell with weights.
The man lifts the weights.
The man drops the weights.
The man walks off stage as attendants move to the weight on stage.
A replay of the lift is shown from a different angle.
A large group of people are shown in various shots riding around in canoes.
A man speaks to the camera while people walk around with the canoes and show off pictures.
More people are seen using them as well as walking around.
An introduction comes onto the screen for a fine linen company.
A woman explains that she will describe how to fold cloth napkins.
She starts by pressing the napkin with a hot iron.
She folds the napkin and continues to press it some more.
The video ends with the closing credits.
Scores are shown on a screen in front of pool water.
A man towels off in a room.
He enters the competition, shaking hands after his dive.
Between dives, the scoreboard is shown again.
The final scene is of the man backflipping off the diving board.
This young woman is  in the studio  playing the piano.
No one else is in there with her and she looks very serious about what she's doing.
She is wearing a pink t-shirt and flower colored leggings, then at some point she stops.
little girl is in stage in a competition and do a jump into a parallel to do gymnastics and somersaults.
peolpe is standing behind the stage talking.
A man put paint on the wall with a hose, while a person uses a flat mop to spread the paint.
Then, the man puts paint around the window.
A girl is crossing the monkey bars.
A girl in a yellow shirt is standing on the ground watching.
A girl on a blue shirt is standing on a playground.
A girl is standing in her home with her hands behind her back and her legs shoulder width apart.
The girl then firmly drops her hands to her side, brings her feet together and does a bow and continues to do a routine of various karate moves.
The girl ends her routing a little further from the point she started and firmly drops her hands to her side and does a little bow, then opens her legs shoulder length apart and goes back into the same position as she was in when she started.
After she is done holding the position for a while the girl relaxes and then walks away.
A young woman speaks as she smiles.
She squeezes the side of her right eye and pokes out a contact lens.
She moves on to her left eye and pokes out a contact lens.
man wearing a blue helmet is kayaking in river showing how to use a row.
man in river is sitting in yellow kayak holding a row.
man is fighting against the current in a kayak.
A person solves a cube puzzle flipping the pieces around.
The person solves the puzzle and show a chronometer.
A man wearing an apron is seen rubbing down several dishes while throwing them in a sink.
The man continues rubbing down dishes while immediately throwing them into a sink of water.
The person is swimming under the sea.
The woman is swimming forward, she looked at the camera.
The woman is shaking her head while behind her another diver is swimming.
A man sits on a table with accordions.
Then the man holds an accordion while touching the buttons and talking.
There's a brown horse tied in a stable.
A woman in a green shirt and brown boots walks in and begins scrubbing the horse.
She continues scrubbing and cleaning the horse on his stomach.
She scrubs the horse's neck area and back area thoroughly.
She then walks to the horse's other side and continues scrubbing.
The horse begins moving his neck and head as she continues scrubbing.
Then she goes in front of the horse and cleans his mouth.
A man cleans a spot in the kitchen sink with a sponge and bottle of clorox cleaner, in a black and white commercial.
A shot of a suburban town is shown with a close up of the city name on a town sign.
A man in an apron stands in front of a kitchen sink putting dishes away in a drainer.
The man cleans a spot in the sink with a bottle of clorox and a sponge, before a marketing template appears with lettering and closeup of the bottle of clorox.
A man picks up a bowling ball and throws it down the lane at some pins.
He falls onto the ground.
The audience behind him applauds him.
A kickball player kicks the ball at home plate in a large arena.
The player runs past the first base.
The player then comes back to the first base and puts his foot on it.
A young child is seen sitting on the floor grabbing ice cream with it's hands.
The child then grabs a spoon and continues to use his hands to eat.
A person is seen riding down a snowy hill close up as well as another person and child riding down the mountain.
Several more clips are shown of people riding down the mountain from various angles with people yelling and cheering.
A man is seen standing on a ladder and speaking to the camera.
He holds up various tools and begins piecing them together.
He then cleans off a window using the tools and tightening up the ladder.
There is a little girl slowly sliding down the side with the comfort of holding her mother's hand, the first time she went down.
The second time she went down on her belly without help.
A man is seen sitting before a table with a rubix cube on it and his hands on a platform.
He then solves the rubix cube in a matter of seconds and shows off his time to the camera.
A teen plays violin in a room.
The teen holds the violin with the left hand moving the fingers and playing with the bow.
Then, the teen end playing the violin.
A lady sits in the shower washing a fluffy dog.
The lady leans over the dog and washes his front paw on the left.
A dog is shown running up steps to a building.
They go inside, and it's a dog grooming salon.
Several signs in another language are shown before the equipment is turned on.
The dog is rinsed, soaped, bathed and clipped on the machine.
A group is lazily floating on intertubes in a river.
The people are holding hands so they stay together.
They float down the water in the rain, through the rapids.
People are playing instruments marching down a street.
They start marching in a circle in a room.
A person holding a baton stands in front of the band.
A health professional washers her hands with soap in a sink.
The woman scrubs between the fingers thoroughly.
The hands are dried with a paper towel in between the fingers thoroughly.
The woman throws the paper towel in a designated waste bin.
The medical professional shuts off the water faucet using her elbow and also the paper towel.
A person is washing their hands in a sink.
Two women are standing by the sink washing their hands.
Words come onto the screen.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and begins kneeling down on a roof.
The man then use a tool to scrape off tiles on the roof as well as another tool to put them back down.
The man continues taking off tiles on the roof and gluing others down and ends by smiling to the camera.
man is standing on a race track ready to make gymnastics in parallels in the midle of a stadium.
a lot of people are sitting or walking on stands.
the man lands in the floor, greets and people applauds.
A small child wearing a wig is seen holding a violin and speaking to the camera.
She then plays a song on the violin moving his arms and hands back and fourth and ends by speaking off into the distance.
The video leads into several shots of olympic runners completing long jumps into pits of sand.
The video continues on showing several different runners completing their jumps and them cheering to the crowd afterwards.
We see a person bring a dog into a shelter.
We see a black screen with writing.
We then see a lady use an electric shaver then scissors to groom a dog.
The groomer kisses the puppy.
We see shot of the dog after the grooming.
We then see a black title screen.
A person is seen pulling items out of a box and present them to the camera.
The man then rubs down a shoe with a rag and presents more items to the camera as it pans around.
We see an opening title screen.
We see shots of people playing soccer in an indoor arena.
We see a man hop and deflect  a ball from the net in slow motion.
We see two men collide in slow motion.
A large arena houses many people.
Poles are set up in the arena.
Gymnasts perform on the poles.
They do many tricks on them.
An intro leads into a belly dancer performing a routine in front of a mirror.
She continues dancing around while moving all around the floor whipping her hair and grabbing her skirt.
She finishes by sitting down on the floor and looking into the mirror.
People are riding bicycles around a dirt track.
