The person adjusts a knob on the vacuum cleaner.
Crowd are sitting on chair, kids and young people are sitting at the table with timer solving the rubik's cubes, while a man with big beard is talking in front of the camera.
The boys are solving the rubik's cube one is blind folded, one is solving it with one hand, others are solving with with both hands.
A machine draws a face on a pumpkin.
The lights turn off and it shows the carved pumpkin turned on.
It shows the pumpkin in the light.
A woman wearing green with red hair is scrubbing some clothes vigorously.
The water and soap is splashing off of it on to the wall/ She picks up the piece of cloth and hits it against the stand.
Then she gets some water from a buckets and pours it over.
She squeezes it out and then put the cloth into a bucket of soapy water.
There are two news anchors, a lady and a gentleman both dressed in black presenting a news section.
The lady is holding two small cards in her hands as she talks about the product to the viewers.
There is another lady seated on a table along with two other women, demonstrating how to wear colored lenses in eyes.
They are talking and discussing about the lenses and how it works.
There's a commercial shown where the same lenses are worn by several people to show how it can be used.
a doctor in a lab coat talks about the lenses too, while people are showing how to use them.
Another news anchor also talks about the same lenses and how it has become a dangerous trend among teenagers.
The lady news anchor comes back with the male news anchor to continue the program.
Kids are riding small dirt bikes around a track.
A kid falls over and people help them up.
A group of people have gathered at an outdoor court.
They are involved in a game of curling.
Each person uses the stick to push the puck as a girl talks to the camera.
The floor has a hopscotch on it.
Someone is sitting with a lap top.
There is a trashcan in the corner.
A boy is playing hopscotch.
We see an opening title screen.
A lady shows off her fingernails.
The lady puts drops of white paint on her finger nails.
The lady uses a toothpick and drags it through the white paint.
She doe another fingernail with the same process.
The lady shows us the flower designs on her nails.
A man is doing the splits inside a gym.
He talks to the camera about the procedure.
He leans forward, stretching his legs.
A bunch of kids are playing on the bumpers cars at an amusement park.
The crash into each other over and over and seem to be a bit confused as to what to do.
They have smiles on their faces as they continue to go around the track.
We see a opening title screen.
We see a man holding a vacuum and using the vacuum to hold two bowling balls.
The man vacuums stairs and a car interior.
We see the vacuum and the man vacuums the ceiling, couch, blinds and others.
We see the man empty the canister and put the vacuum in  a closet.
Athletes throw a javelin during a competition.
A man practices his throwing stance walking and doing half throws without javeline.
A man practices his throwing stance walking and doing half throws holding a javeline.
The man swings a hammer.
The man throws a weighted ball.
Athletes train in a gym doing throwing motions on weighted cable machines.
a man and a woman are dancing doing a zumba choreogaphy in the middle of stage.
man wearing a grey shirts approach to stage and keeps dancing.
woman wearing a pink shirt is in the background holding a white cellphone and taking pictures.
A man stands at the front of his minivan and shows it.
The man leans on the tailgate of his van and shows storage cargo features inside.
The man assembles together poles.
The man sits in the drivers seat of the van and places the rod frame into a socket and twists it around.
The man adjusts the rod and reaches under the van to remove a spare tire.
The man removes the spare tire from its enclosure.
The man works on installing the new tire.
A man sprints down a track.
The man jumps at the end of the track.
The man's jump is shown from different angles an in slow motion.
A man in fencing gear begins to talk about fencing gear getting ready to talk about his fencing experiences.
He gets dressed in his gear and goes to the studio for practice.
He and another man practice with one another  while a timer is running.
There is a certain stance and way you move your feet when you fence that helps with moving towards and from the opponet .
1 The opening of the video.
2 a girl does a lot of flips on the bars.
A dog is seen laying comfortably in a large bowl with a man beside him.
The man is seen kneeling down next to the dog and begins rubbing him down.
The man continues to clean off the dog in the bath.
A woman hands a young boy a stick with a little girl grabbing for her attention.
The pinata is lifted and the boy begins swinging at the object.
The camera pans around people watching while he hits the pinata and a little boy is seen clapping behind him.
The credits of the clip are shown.
A lady stands raising a metal disk in one hand.
The lady spins with the disk and releases the disk.
The lady places a towel around her back.
A man is snowboarding down a hill of snow.
He is jumping in the air and doing tricks off of pipes.
A senior picture of a female is shown and then a screen flashes indicating that her highlights are about to be shown.
Several videos of her are then shown running up against girls from other teams defending her territory and stripping the ball from the other opponents.
This man is sitting outdoors polishing another man's shoes and neither one of their faces are shown.
The man is sitting on the ground and he is using a brown towel to polish the man's shoes.
He also puts liquid onto a small brush and he puts it on the man's shoes.
Several pieces of belly button jewelry are shown.
This is followed by a man disinfecting a woman's belly button.
He then inserts a piercing using a clamp and a rod.
The woman watches as the final studs are in place.
A band is practicing in a gym.
People are twirling flags while standing in a line.
The drummers are marching around the gym.
They get into a line and dance out of the gym.
A female gymnast mounts a high beam in a gym.
She does lots of forward jumps, springs, and splits in the air.
A boy in the background climbs a rope as she dismounts.
The credits of the clips are shown.
Guys are playing lacrosse on a field.
A guy pushes a male to the ground.
The credits of the video are shown.
A small child paints another individual's fingernails.
The other individual examines the nails.
A man is seen playing an instrument while another watches in the background.
He pauses to speak to a large group of boys and continues playing the instrument, blowing wind into their smoke.
The boys watch in amazement and bends down closely to another boy.
Two people are seen arm wrestling with one another while one man holds their hands.
The men then continue to wrestle with one slamming the other's hand down.
A male is wearing black and white swimming shorts, standing at the edge of a diving board, bounces a few times and then jumps out of view and into the water.
An older shirtless man wearing black shorts begins to walk on the same board of the male who previously jumped but then stops.
On a shorter board a male wearing blue swim underwear walks to the edge of the board jumps a few times, stops, turns around and walks back.
The male walks to the edge of the board again, jumps a few times, then once again turns around and walks back.
The male tries one more time and walks to the edge of the diving board and finally jumps and does a few flips before landing in the water and then swims to the edge of the pool.
Two people are on a white slab and they begin fencing one another.
There are constant stops and the boy closest to the camera keeps winning.
Both of them keep being reset but the outcome is no different and the lady on the side keeps walking back and forth clicking a black button.
A woman in a purple dress is seated, speaking to the camera.
She is shown massaging cream into her face, then rinsing it off with water and patting dry with a towel.
She then speaks to the camera again.
A close up of a phone is shown as well as a person waking up, brushing their teeth, and walking out the door.
Close ups are shown of people riding up a ski lift as well as down a mountain.
The people to zoom in on the camera looking closely and waving to one another.
Two very large men are in the middle of a ring wearing sumo wrestling outfits.
They are getting in position and waiting for the referee to tell them to start the match.
Once the ref says to start they begin  the match both running towards one another immediately.
The tan skinned man knocks the other man down tot the ground and he wins the match.
A scuba diver is swimming through the water on a video game.
They are looking through rubble of an old ship.
They get in their boat and drive.
They jump under the water again.
A photo is zoomed in on of a man being gored by a bull.
A bull charges a man and knocks him around until people come out and distract him.
It cuts to the man again being charged by the bull.
He gets knocked around again until people come out to distract the bull.
He is carried off out of the ring.
Once again the bull charges the man and knocks him down.
People come out and distract the bull.
He is carried out for a last time.
blonde woman is raking dry leaves in a backyard and dog is playing with them running.
dog is unning in the backyard and is drinkin water from a smal fountain and keep running through the field playing with the leaves while the woman keep raking.
A little boy is inside a living room.
He is pushing and pulling a large vacuum cleaner.
He is vacuuming the large living room rug.
A cat is standing on a table getting petted.
A person takes the cats paw and starts clipping its nails.
The person picks the cat up to clip their back paws.
The person pets the cat after clipping its nails.
Various people are shown in a workshop working while pushing objects, driving machinery, working machinery and etcetera.
A woman is shown putting a long metal piece into a large machinery and the words "TODAY'S TOPIC: WELDING" appears on the screen followed by a person wearing a mask and welding with a torch.
A woman is now standing at a machine and she is grabbing various metal objects and putting them into a machine that welds them together.
The outro appears and it's a white screen with a red and blue logo, website and hashtag information.
A set of knifes rest on top of pin cones.
A pocket knife is taken from wooden box and held with a clamp.
The man uses sharpening stones on the blade of the knife.
The man cuts through pieces of paper to show the knifes sharpness.
A still shot of a hot open fire pit is seen.
A man rides on a small rail cart blowing leaves with a leaf blower.
The man goes right on a fork in the tracks on a cart and around a bend.
Two people are seen standing ready with one running down a track and into a sand pit.
The man lays down while another raises a flag and walks away from the track.
A man is washing his hands in the sink.
He takes a yellow rag and cleans the sink and faucet.
A white bottle of cleaner is shown.
Various ingredients are laid out on a table and leads into a person pouring the ingredients into a bowl.
The person stirs thoroughly and then wipes down a table with a cloth.
A man and a woman sit behind a table.
The man pours a drink into several glasses on the table.
A woman is making a drink on the table.
She pours a blue bottle into the drink.
She pours the drink into smaller glasses on the table.
We see a man get in riding leaf blower.
We see the leaves being blown on the ground.
We see a pipe on the machine.
We return to seeing the leaves being blown.
We see leaves blowing in the street.
We see the ending title screen.
A large crowd of people are seen standing in the middle of the street and lead into a dance performance as well as a music performance.
The people continue moving around in the street and end with a finishing pose.
A person's hands are seen close up solving a rubix cube followed by a man speaking to the camera.
The man then solves a rubix cube blind folded while a timer captures his score.
He finishes the cube and takes off the headpiece in the end.
A large group of people are seen standing around a large gymnasium playing a game of dodge ball with one another.
One man performs an impressive flip that leads to a man speaking to the camera and showing more shots of impressive dodgeball play.
A woman is seen hosting a news segment that leads into clips of fire fighters running down a block and carrying objects over their heads.
More people are seen speaking to the camera as they continue running around and women speaking to the camera.
Two men are in the middle of the court fighting one another.
They are practicing their moves while others stand by and watch.
It's like a culture practiced by many who actually enjoy it and think it is a fun sport.
They take it very seriously, some fight and some enjoy watching.
A woman is seen looking off into the distance followed by shots of her riding a horse and looking off into the distance.
The woman continues riding around on the horse and ends with her walking away and waving to the camera.
A smiling young boy slides down a red slide that has netting on each side and a brand name, website, email and telephone appear on the screen when he reaches the bottom.
Then two other children behind him that are little girls slide down.
Just as the girls are reaching the bottom of the slide boy gets up and leaves the slide and the girls follow right behind him.
A close up of a sign is seen followed by a young couple looking to the camera.
Other people are seen standing on the side and watching the other two.
The coupe hold on and then jump off the side while the others stand and watch.
A couple are standing on a snowy hillside.
A man walks over to a small red flag.
He removes the flag, then pulls a line out of the ground.
He pulls up a giant fish he caught.
Three men sitting by the counter are sitting watching TV and then ladies in cheerdancing outfit started dancing as the men stare at them.
The ladies started dancing, raising their arms up swinging their bodies.
The girls play billiards and table football with the guys and they dance.
A mop stands upright next to a bucket.
A person absorbs all the water from a bowl using a mop.
Water is poured into a large bucket.
The mop in dunked in the bucket of water then spun dry in the tray.
A soiled area of a hardwood floor is mopped clean.
A mop is used around various furniture and appliances to get into corners of rooms.
A man is seen speaking to the camera followed by him laying several ingredients out and boiling them in some water.
He then pours more food items under water and into a pot filled with water.
We see the white title screen.
We then see a bartender talking to two people in a bar.
The man puts his arm behind his back.
The bartender puts two cards on the bar.
They push their cards and drink beer, then pull cards and drink beer.
The bartender spits the beer back in the glass.
The bartender looks at the camera and speaks.
We see the end title screen.
A man explains and shows how to do snow surfboard hillside turn.
Then, the man performs toeside using a snow skateboard.
The man continues explaining and performs a turn.
A toddler ski on the snow.
People in traffic in a city look irritated as a cop directs traffic.
A man sticks something in his ears.
A man in a green shirt mocks a cop and people laugh and clap.
The cop gives the man a Pepsi.
We see the man on the cricket field throwing a ball.
The man drinks the Pepsi and we see the closing screen.
A man pole vaults over a rope on a track of a sporting field.
The man just barely makes his body over the rope.
We see a person sliding blue discs down a wooden table.
The man moves to the other end of the table and the camera moves to see them from the end.
We wee the person slide all their blue then the red discs down the table.
We see a hand appear and point.
The person grabs a blue disc and slides it two times.
A close up of a blender is seen with various ingredients on the inside.
A person's hand then blends the mixture together and moves their hand away from the camera.
A boy in an orange shirt is standing in a room.
He starts punching a punching bag.
The punching bag moves in the air.
A man with a orange shirt and blue gloves is shown operating a fire torch machine.
Two more people are shown and and a close up is pictured.
Lastly,the camera pans out on a man standing up torching away at a machine.
A woman with short hair is wearing an earphone and eyeglasses is showing two clips, then she clipped both sides of her hair, showed her blue and white contact lenses containers and removed her eyeglasses.
She showed her hand, then showed a sclera lenses, and put it on her right eye pupil, went closer to the camera to show her eye, then removed the contact lens from her eye by pinching it.
A barber rubs shaving cream on a man's bald head.
The barber stops to clean his hands with a towel.
The barber grabs a razor and slowly shaves the head of the man.
A bike stands on a bumpy unpaved road.
People rides bikes very fast in the road and giving high jumps when passing the bumpy part of the road.
The shadows of a biker cast on the bumpy road.
Two little kids are sitting indian style on the carpet inside the house,they have a hookah and are smoking it.
They take turns inhaling and exhaling the smoke.
They exhale from their nose like they do it often and have been trained like little pros.
It is very sad these children are allowed to do this like its normal, they seem to enjoy it too.
Several shots are shown of people walking on a beach and leads into many people surfing on the water.
Dozens of people are shown in various clips riding along waves in the water as well as people sitting in the water from behind.
A group of boys chisel a name in sand on the beach with their hands.
The boys leave the art piece leaving just one boy in a red t-shirt to work on it alone.
Two boys returns with two balls of sand in circles  and sit next to the art piece as they work on rounding out the balls of sand they have gathered while a group of children gather around to watch.
A man is waterskiing behind a boat while holding a rope.
He tries to hold on as he zips to the side.
He slips, splits, and falls into the water.
A camera pans around a woman standing in front of a dog balancing on a fence.
The dog continues balancing on the fence while the camera pans around.
The dog then jumps off the fence in the end.
Several men from different places are outside on a large field playing cricket.
Men come to the middle of the field and stand around a small rectangle and begin hitting the ball extremely far.
As the ball goes to the outfield,the teammates begin jumping up and down and cheering for their team.
Finally,a man is shown holding up a large silver award.
A woman is walking on the beach carrying a surfboard.
She starts surfing in the water.
We see the opening title  screens.
A person washes and cuts open a pumpkin.
The person cleans to the insides and draws a face on the pumpkin.
They carve the face to make a jackolantern.
We then see the carved pumpkin with a candle inside and the closing screen.
Two men are seen sitting in a canoe in low motion and then tips the canoe a bit with a paddle.
The men do this several times followed by instructions and locations written in text.
We see a person chopping a fruit.
The person then cuts off the chopped portion.
The person chops the fruit again and cuts off the chopped bit.
The person picks up a slice from the bowl and cuts it.
We then see the person chop and cut more.
The person picks up bits off their pants.
Men travel in a plane and arrives to the top of a mountain.
Then, men get down the plane and ski down the hill.
A person ski behind  a man down the slope of the mountain.
A snow removal clear the snow of the road.
After, the men ski down the hill in middle of the trees.
The men ski in a wood area that is uneven.
A boat is seen riding along the water with a person riding on skis behind.
The person does a flip and lands backwards into the water.
A man and boy are outside on a driveway.
They are competing to see how fast they can shovel snow off the driveway.
They run back and forth as fast as they can.
White words appear on the screen and say "THE AMERICAN DREAM" and a man wearing a helmet jumps onto the dirt hill path and continues to walk down, grabs his skateboard and begins skating on the road at the end of the hill of a very scenic area.
The man is now skating in a road in a residential area where he passes many homes with cars  parked on the roads.
The man continues to skate through residential areas, water edges along parks, harbors, cities and etcetera.
The man ends with a walk along a rocky beach and carrying his skateboard on his right shoulder.
A woman prepares for a shot put throw swinging her arms on a sporting field.
The athlete winds back her shoulders than spins her body throwing a shot put.
kids are standing in the opening of a cartoon.
woman is talking in front of a micropone in front of a big audience.
mmen are in the middle of an arena in a big stadium fighting between them.
A man is seen standing in front of a goal holding a stick and speaking to the camera.
Several shots of him speaking are shown and he demonstrates how to properly be a goalie.
He moves back and fourth a bit while moving the stick while still holding his arms up and speaking to the camera.
A man is seen wearing a red shirt and standing next to a fooseball table.
The man plays a bit followed by holding up a beer can and presenting it to the camera.
The man then continues to play while the camera zooms in on the table.
Two men are seen holding each other's arms and leads into the men performing an arm wrestling match.
One man smokes a cigarette while they continue to play and that man winds while holding his arms up.
A man is seen speaking to the camera holding various objects and transitions into him cutting the edge of a lawn.
He is then shown mowing lawns and trimming hedges while speaking to the camera as well as blowing leaves out of a yard.
A large group of people are all seen riding around in bumper cars and driving around a track, bumping into one another.
The people continue riding around and ends with a man and two children walking out.
A man has climbed a large ladder outside.
He is using trimmers to cut and trim large trees.
He reaches up, cutting the branches and twigs.
A horseman sits on a horse and a person stands on front a cattle squeeze chute.
Suddenly, the horseman and a calf run to the the arena, while the horseman runs behind the calf spinning in the air a rope.
After, the horseman throws the hoop and catch the calf, then quickly he lie the calf on the floor and tie the legs.
A large yard is shown followed by a young child pushing a lawn mower around.
The boy continues pushing the lawn mower around while the camera watches from the side.
The boy moves the mower all along the yard.
Two people are seen doing flips and kicks around one another in a large circle surrounded by people.
More people join in to the kicks and flips as others watch them on the side and clap.
A person is seen pushing a sander along a ski and leads into another person tightening down a ski and spraying wax along the top.
The person wipes it down and then uses a bar of wax on the sander along the ski.
A man is seen walking beside a hedge in a public area with a dog beside him.
The dog is seen walking on it's two legs and hops down in the end.
A group of individuals are performing at a Holiday Baton Recital.
The girls continue dancing,moving up and down and twirling the baton.
The lights begin to flicker and the girls form a straight line in the back of the stage.
During the recital,the girls do the same routine but instead of a horizontal line form a vertical one.
Once they are done,they move towards the back of the stage and dance off behind the curtains.
A man prepares his supplies near a picnic table and then sets one down.
The man pours lighter fluid in a camp fire ring.
The man retrieves matches which drops onto the fire and it erupts in flames.
The dry brown and yellow leaves are on the ground, on top of green grass.
A man with a leaf blower on his hand started to blew the leaves towards the center of the field.
The man blew the leaves from the side of the road towards the tree, while another man with leaf blower walks on other side of the walkway.
A large group of people are seen standing around a table with one speaking to the camera.
The people then assist one another putting ingredients into pans and flipping them around.
The people continue mixing the food together and finish by presenting it onto a plate.
Two men play squash on an indoor court.
The left man in the white shirt misses the ball and the start over.
We see the man in the gray shirt miss the ball land stands up and pumps his fist while looking disappointed.
We see an opening screen with a dog.
We see a lady in a nurse shirt talking and two dogs in a kitchen.
The lady has a small wet dog she is vacuuming on table and is brushing the dog.
We see the dogs running around on the kitchen floor.
We see the lady shave a dogs fur and brush the dog.
We then see the dogs on the floor again.
We see the lady and her contact info over her face.
A pinata is hanging from the ceiling.
A boy is hitting the pinata with a stick.
People are standing behind him watching.
A man shuffles a deck of cards and deals them.
Four aces are shown face up on the table.
A man sits at a table and plays blackjack.
The recipe for making limeade is shown.
Limes are juiced and then combined with water and sugar.
The whole thing is stirred.
A lady is standing at the table with ingredients on the table.
The woman pointed the ingredients such as red bell peppers, celery, carrots, chicken breast, olives, pickled gherkins, olive oil in the bottle, white wine in the bottle, mayonnaise, mustard and gruyere, salt and pepper.
The lady touched the ingredients in the plates, then she sliced the chicken, put the mustard, mayonnaise and olive oil in a bowl, then added the vegetables, and then the plate is shown with the chicken salad.
A girl does a tutorial on how to pack a bag.
She then gives ballerina tips, especially on how to treat one's feet right.
A woman is pouring ingredients into a mixer.
She then makes the dough into balls and puts them on a cookie sheet.
She places them in the oven.
We see a sign with a mans' name.
We see a man run and do a long jump on different tracks repeatedly with his name on a sign occasionally.
We see the man on a blue track with ad signs.
The man tumbles on his landing.
The man lands on his back.
The screen fades to black.
A man in a gorilla suit is playing a saxophone in the middle of a store.
The employees look on and laugh at the person playing and use their phones to take pictures.
The gorillas reaches out to grab one of the employees hands and the man is very embarrassed by it.
They talk to each other a bit and the other employees begin to clap excitedly.
The Gorilla suit man plays the sax some more as everyone is still laughing.
He plays and plays to the camera as the video comes to an end.
A man puts on a matador outfit in a room.
A matador fights with a bowl using a red cape in a stadium.
Boys practice using the red cape together in the arena.
People get autographs from the matador and are seen on the street interviewing about the event.
The bull runs and charges aft the matador from a distance.
The matador cheers to the crowd with his back facing the bull.
Several outside views of a casino are shown.
Card players and the dealer at a table are shown engaging in a game inside the casino.
The dealer deals cards to each player.
The dealer reveals the dealer's hand.
One man talks to the camera while another man stands nearby.
A man dressed in all black and a mask on is outside in a public place playing and instrument with bags in the middle and small keyboard on the outside of it.
As he plays,multiple people walk by continuing on with their life.
None of them acknowledge him and the hat in front of hi remains empty.
An intro leads into a small child riding a dirt bike on a dirt path.
Several shots of the boy grown up are shown followed by more footage of the boy riding a dirt bike.
A close up of a slide is seen followed by an adult and a young child riding down the slide.
The woman laughs with the baby and picks her up at the bottom.
A person holds a javelin and prepares to launch it.
Then, the man runs and launch the javelin.
A woman is seen holding a drink on stage speaking into a mic as well as the audience.
The woman continues speaking and looking around the audience while taking sips of her drink and putting it down.
Finally she picks up a guitar and grabs a pic from the front and steps away.
Children sit on motorcycles and parents are next to them.
A man carry a child, a woman applaud and a man takes pictures.
A toddler stands on the hay and grabs the leg of a woman.
Then, men push the motorcycles with the children while a man takes notes.
Then, the children line on the start line and then run.
man is standing holding an harmonica while is playing the guitar and its reading the music sheet.
man is teaching how to play the harmonica in the key of A and its talking and playing the guitar.
An individual wearing face covering drags an inner tube type device along the snow, surrounded by other people doing the same thing.
The individual walks towards another individual wearing a red jacket.
The individual hands the rein for the device to the person in the red jacket and sits on the device.
The person in the red jacket pulls the device downhill and the first individual rides down the slope.
The first individual dismounts and resumes pulling the device.
The individual pulls the device along some sort of covered walkway with a moving floor.
The person is climbing on the stairs as the waves hit them, the surfers are surfing over the strong waves.
Two people carrying their surfboards are climbing on the stairs.
The people  behind fence are watching the surfers as the run before the big wave hit them.
A bike is seen upside down in a shop.
A man shows how to remove a tire.
He then replaces it and tightens it back into place.
An intro of a black screen with a logo and the words CAMERON HANSEN GALLERY appear along with the website at the bottom right.
A school of fish swimming in the ocean appears and the location and the description of the video is displayed.
A series of many different videos begin and it includes footage from underwater with a snorkeler, many different sea life swimming and even an elephant swimming.
The next set of clips include various different footage of people who are above water and the scenery around them.
It then switches to caves and it shows the outside, inside, and then the snorkeler back under water holding a flashlight to see as it's very dark.
The focus goes back to other clips where the elephant is swimming again, a still shot picture of the beach is displayed, and more clips from the water above.
It ends with a picture of a large tree branch near the water and the words The Andaman Islands appear at the top and fades to an all black screen.
A large wave is crashing toward the shore.
A surfer is shown tearing through the water.
A rainbow appears, then we see boats on the beach and more surfers in the waves.
A camera pans around a picture of a horse followed by a person brushing and vacuuming hair off of a horse.
The person continues brushing and vacuuming the hair and ending with the picture of the two together.
A person is seen putting a weight on followed by a woman lifting a bar up over her head.
Another person is seen after her lifting up a large set of weights over their heads.
Several more people are seen lifting heavy weights over their heads while others watch on the side.
A woman is shown talking in her kitchen.
She fills a bowl with butter, flour and sugar, and adds eggs.
She creates a dough, and then makes and bakes a batch of cookies.
A woman talks about playing pool.
She explains the right way to stand and how to shoot a ball when playing pool.
A little boy is in an outdoor parking lot.
He is trying to roll around on a pair of inline skates.
He tries to balance on a small piece of wood.
Two young motorcycle riders sit on the bikes and wave on a dirt trail.
The boys ride their bikes over jumps on the trails.
A young rider jumps a ramp and clutches the handlebars with his feet.
The boy does heal clicks and kicks his feet to the side of the motor bike in mid air.
A man plays bagpipes in a city square while nobody pays attention.
A cop tells him to stop.
An intro leads into several shots of graffiti on a wall as well as people moving around and talking to one another.
A rapper is then seen getting a tattoo from a man while the camera captures several angles and show art work.
More people show off their tattoos and the rapper points to the camera and shows the finished tattoo and album cover.
A toddler climbs the steps of a playground.
Then, the boy slides down until to reach the ground.
two men enter a squash court to compete in a game of squash.
One man is wearing a white shirt and the other man is wearing a dark shirt.
The men begin playing while the game progresses each man serves from the serving box.
The game finishes with a hand shake and a wave to the crowd.
A girl in a pink blouse enters the squash court as another man enters the court.
A man is seen holding onto a rope and speaking to the camera.
He holds up his belt while speaking to the camera and begins climbing up the wall.
The man climbs all the way up the wall and ends by looking off from the camera.
A young child is seen smiling to the camera and then begins dancing around.
The boy continues dancing while the camera captures him moving up and down.
A large group of people are seen standing around a square with people playing volleyball.
The people continuously hit the ball around the sandy field as the camera pans around them playing.
The camera pans around the group as they keep playing.
A horse kicks a man in a red shirt.
A girl in a grey shirt gets thrown off a horse.
A man riding a  horse gets bucked off.
A horse tips over backward with a a person on it.
A man is riding on a horse and flies off.
A white horse misses a jump and the person falls off.
A man gets hit by a rope while chasing a calf.
A horse gets his head stuck in a garbage can.
A woman talks to the camera.
The woman irons a piece of clothing on an ironing board.
The woman flips the piece of clothing.
The woman continues to iron the piece of clothing.
A telescopic view of multiple people dressed in biking gear is shown.
The crowd spreads out, walking around with guns in hand.
They aim at various objects.
The men hide behind a wall, shooting at each other as they run by.
A person runs and throws a javelin.
There are people watching them behind a fence.
A green umbrella sits next to the track.
A lady hula hoop with five hula hoops and one by one she takes on off of her and tosses it until she tossed away all five hula hoops she was hula hooping with.
the lady then hula hoops with 300 hula hoops with will be a world record.
the lady starts by putting the 300 hula hoops around her body as she bend over to get a good grip on them,she then stands straight up and starts to twirl all 300 hula hoops around her body.
finally she manages to twirl all the hula hoop around her hole body and finishes with the hula hoops on the ground and she bows to the people who is watching her.
People prepare for a BMX bike race.
A person lines up and then goes.
A business and the area around it is shown and the name on the business say's "LUMBERJACK NATIONALS" carved in a wooden sign, and the white text below say's "Columbia Basin BMX RICHLAND, WA".
A boy dressed in biking gear is putting on a helmet while standing and text on the right side of the screen appear and say "@BryceBetts13Z CHASE STAYSTRONG" as the boy gets on his bike and pushes it out of screen.
The boy is now on the curvy and twisty dirt bike track riding around very fast and occasionally other people are shown riding on the track, too.
A special effect outro appears with the boy still riding around the track and other text and logos appear on the screen until it fades to a white screen that end with a clip art on the left and large words that read MENDO MEDIA on the right.
A woman is wearing a white robe and a black belt.
She does karate moves in her room.
She kicks her legs up several times.
She finishes and stands up right with her arms by her side and bows.
A woman is seen running down a road while looking at her watch and pointing to things in front of her.
She continues running down the street while other people applaud her and she keeps running.
A close up of a hedge is shown followed by a man walking into frames with tools and beginning to cut the hedge.
The man continues cutting all along the hedge while moving in and out of frame.
The players are playing curling in an ice court.
The players pushed the stone and two people are brushing the front of the stone until it reached the target.
An Asian girl pushed the stone and the other girl is brushing the front of the stone until it hit other stones.
There's a man in a blue shirt walking into a tall building where there's an indoor fencing arena.
He walks into the arena and talks with two fencers.
One of the fencers puts on a fencing suit on the man.
The fencer then demonstrates and gives the man a lesson in fencing.
He shows the man the various skills involved in fencing.
The man is able to miss and evade every move of the fencer as he goes untouched by the sword.
Then both the fencers remove their masks and shake hands.
The fencer talks about his experience with the master fencer.
A man looks around and grabs his face.
He places a towel over his face.
The man showcases a shaving unit and a balm.
He shows a bowl and swivels the shaving brush around it.
The man places shaving cream all over his face with the use of his shaving brush.
He takes a razor and shaves.
He grabs the bowl again and swivels the shaving brush around the inside.
He smothers shaving cream over his face face.
He shaves his face once more.
He splashes his face and dries it with a purple towel.
He rubs an oil over his face and excitedly shows off his muscles.
A lady is talking to the camera then she laughs and looks down and the camera focuses elsewhere.
The camera is back to the lady and a man is now cutting her hair as her mouth is open in disbelief and the  man is laughing as he cuts her hair in one quick motion around her head.
The lady is so in shock and drops hair from her lap and looks down at the ground at all the hair, touches her hair, stands up to look in the mirror, screams, cries, starts freaking out, sits back down and stands back up to look in the mirror.
The lady looks in the mirror and is smiling but you can tell she's not happy.
A woman shows how to cover a cake with frosting using a spatula.
Then, she explains how to cleans the border of the cake using a cloth.
Several peoples outfits are being panned from the bottom up.
Then a group of cups are on the table and they begin playing beer pong with a group of people.
Several rooms and couples are shown and the ball is thrown in a cup.
Once done,the camera pans out and you can see the couples are competing against each other in a room together.
Couples come back and more beer pong games come back.
We see the title on a black screen.
People are in line at a ski slope.
We see people in rafts being pulled up a hill and people riding rafts down the slope.
We see a man at the top of the mountain.
We see writing stating the camera was dropped.
The man films his face as he slides down the hill.
We see a young man's face as he rides down the hill.
We see people walking to their cars in the parking lot.
At the end we see a kid laying on a raft.
The video begins with a title screen and an intro which shows various works of art.
The topic is about Chinese paintings of waterfalls and rocks.
An older Chinese man speaks to the camera.
He then begins painting as the camera pans down to view how he does it.
At one point, the camera focuses back to his face for a moment.
The video ends with another title screen.
Two people are playing a tennis match on a blue court.
The man in the blue shirt misses the ball and walks away to talk to someone.
They replay the video of him missing the ball.
A man in a white shirt sits on a chair with a microphone.
They restart another tennis match.
Several close ups of plants are shown with a man walking into frame and speaking to the camera.
The man continues to speak while pointing to the camera and begins laying out mulch to put all over the plants.
The man continues pushing dirt around and ends by watering all the plants.
A view of the countryside is seen in multiple images, including buildings, trees, fields and flowers near the ocean.
A man is shown mountain climbing up the side of a cliff.
A hockey player is injured and is helped up from the ice by the coach.
The hockey player is escorted from the ice by the coach.
A replay shows the hockey player being hit in the face by the puck and he falls to the ice.
The teams stand together around a circle and face off to start the match.
Hockey player play a game and skate around the ice passing back and forth.
A boy in a blue shirt is playing in the sand on the beach.
A man in a white shirt is standing behind him helping him.
A man in blue shorts is also helping the boy make the sand castle.
The video starts with a title screen shot.
A man in a white shirt is showing applying plaster to a room.
As he applies the plaster, a voice is describing the techniques used by the company.
The video ends as the man reaches the end of the room.
Several news logos are shown and then a male reporter shows up talking behind his desk.
The camera then flips to a woman and she begins doing interviews with men who were playing a game of soccer.
Many quarters are being played and after the goals are made,the players start to jump on each other's back and jump for joy and show their happiness.
kid is standing in front of stage playing congas.
behind him is a girl playing the tambourine and a boy playing the triangle.
in the background kids standing on stage are playing drums.
A man in tan khakis and a button down shirt sweeps a floor with a wide broom.
A man walks and sweeps a floor walking to the left of the room pushing the wide broom in front of him.
The man then walks to the right side of the room with the same wide broom.
The man then finishes sweeping, lleans the broom in the corner of the room and stands against the wall in front of a window.
There is smoke and lights and words on the screen.
The smoke is rolling around a hat.
A person is blowing smoke out of their nose and smoke rings.
The camera reverses and he continues to blow smoke.
The words everything is purple.
The smoke continues to blow and the words Edits by Jarron Jones comes up.
The man keeps blowing smoke into the air.
Two small children are seen drawing with chalk on a side walk while they occasionally looking back to the camera.
The girl is then seen play hop scotch jumping down the chalk while the boy watches from behind.
A woman then helps the boy jump followed by the young girl helping.
The boy jumps on his own and then leads into the two walking on a sidewalk beam.
The girl swings her arms up and then the two jump down.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while man people stand around behind him and practice.
The men hit the badminton back and fourth while the older gentlemen continues to speak and point around the court.
A close up of drums are seen followed by a person walking into frame.
The person sits down in front of the drums and begins playing them continuously.
The man continues playing the drums faster and faster while the camera captures his movements.
A camera pans around a building as well as people inside posing for pictures and putting fencing gear on.
More clips are shown of fencing objects, people watching on the sides, and others getting ready to fence.
Several clips are then shown of two people fencing each other with a woman reffing on the sides and people watching on the sides.
woman wearing black clothes is playing squash in a small wooden room.
man with a stripped shirt is standing in a court room playing squash.
a man and a woman are standing ni a wooden court playing squash.
We see a book on a table.
We see image in the book with videos of people knitting.
We see a lady teaching two girls.
We see a teacher teaching a boy to knit.
We see a lady teaching a group of children to knit.
We then see the closing screen.
A girl with a jump rope is in athletic shorts and a t-shirt, holding a jump-rope.
She begins to preform complicated stunts, such as hand-stands, flips, and the splits while jumping rope.
She has a brief mishap as she drops the jump rope and then picks it up to resume her performance.
Many people are sitting on the sidelines, some watching as an audience, some are judges, some are filming the event.
A baby is sitting at a table eating a Popsicle.
He takes a bite out of his Popsicle.
He takes something out of his bib and puts it in his mouth.
A woman talks in kitchen, then come two boys and talk whiles showing the fruits on the counter.
Then, a man comes and puts all the fruits in a large bowl while explaining.
After, the man adds on top the fruits yogurt, chocolate and cereal.
A large audience is seen watching a sports game and leads into a coin toss.
The audience cheers more and leads into people throwing a ball and others hitting it.
More shots of the game being played are shown as well as others watching on the sides.
Two men are on an indoor racquetball court.
They hit the ball back and forth against the wall.
They pick the ball up and continue competing.
An introduction comes onto the screen for a video about casino dealing.
A man explains that they are at a casino dealing school where they will teach people how to deal.
Another man begins to tell and about the basics for casino dealing.
The video ends with the closing credits shown on the screen.
A man in a black wet suit and carrying a surfboard is talking to the camera man, about to get in the water.
Dramatic music plays while showing various clips of surfers in the water, riding waves.
The video ends as the man in the black wet suit comes on shore after riding a wave and smiling.
A man drives to the ocean and surfs on a surfboard, riding waves, before leaving the beach with his surfboard.
A man gets in his truck, puts his surfboard in the back of his truck and drives.
The man arrives at the beach, changes into a wets suit and begins to surf on a surfboard in the ocean, riding waves.
The man then leaves the beach, in his wetsuit, with his surfboard under his arm.
A young man is shown on a road wearing stilts.
He walks over to the side of the road.
He then lifts his feet up and down as if in preparation of running.
The video ends as the person recording tilts the camera and covers the lens.
A close up of tires are shown followed by a man working on a tire as well as being interviewed on camera.
The camera captures the tool on the tires from several angles as well as lifting up the car to work underneath.
More shots of the men working as shown as one speaks to the camera and ends by fading to white.
A man is demonstrating how to kindle a small pit of fire.
First, the man shows off the flint he has for the fire.
He then puts the flint into a pile of wood.
The man then lights the fire, which slowly spreads throughout the wood.
The man then pokes the fire with pieces of flat wood to spread the fire.
The man then shakes the twigs on the wood to further spread the fire.
A small group of people are seen standing on each side of a rope wile putting their hands up.
The men then grab onto the rope and pull against one another.
Men watch on the side as one team wins.
People are performing gymnastic stunts in front of an audience.
A guy locks his arms around bars above his head.
The guy swings his body while holding on to the bars.
The guy flips off the bars and lands on his feet, claps, and begins to leave.
A man approaches the guy clapping.
The camera pans around an athletic woman standing ready and others watching her on the side.
She jumps high over a pole and walks away as her jump is shown again in slow motion and another runner steps up.
Several more women are shown jumping over the beam while their scores are shown immediately afterwards.
A little girl walks into a gym as her name flashes on the screen.
The little girl performs a routine with a baton.
The girl does a flip, throws her baton and catches it while on the ground.
The girl pauses and counts.
The girl does a split and lays her baton on the ground.
Various clips of a large group of people are seen standing together leading into clips of people shooting bows and arrows.
More clips are shown of people speaking to the camera are shown as well as people celebrating and shooting more bows and dancing.
A woman talks in a kitchen, then she shows a brush.
The woman opens the faucet and washes a dish with the brush, then she brush her hand while explaining.
Then, she washes a dish with the brush, then she explains showing the brush.
A woman is seen putting her hair up in a pony tail with a man watching her on the side.
She then plays the piano while smiling  and the man continuing to watch her.
A woman removes a bolt from a tire.
The woman removes a second bolt.
The woman removes a third bolt.
Lastly, the woman removes a fourth bolt.
The woman takes the tire off the car.
A group of men and women are doing jump rope for aerobic exercise.
They run in a circle, jumping as they run.
They then lay out mats, and do several yoga cool down moves.
A kid spreads peanut butter in two slices of bread.
Then, the kid adds on top jelly.
After, the kid gives a bite to the peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
A young child is seen holding a stick and hitting the pinata with the stick.
Older women the bring hr back and have her hand the stick to another child.
People are interacting in a track field.
The marching band are walking with their instruments down a track.
The  drummers are performing as they walk.
A man is standing over a sink and with his right hand he's holding a drill that has a potato attached to the end of it, and the right hand is holding the hand peeler as the drill moves the potato and the peeler peels it.
The man temporarily stops the drill to pull off a small piece of potato and a long piece of metal is shown sticking out of the drill.
The man then puts another potato onto the pointy metal piece and continues to peel the potato.
Once again he stops and then cleans off his peeler and then returns back to peeling the rest of the potato.
The man stops the drill for the last time,lets it go and cleans the peeler once more with both hands as he throws the contents into the sink and.
A man is doing a rubiks cube behind a table.
There is a timer on the table in front of him.
He picks up another rubiks cube and starts completing it.
A man takes a hookah and exhales smoke rings.
He inhales and does it again.
a list of ingredients is shown and the items are in a white table.
fist a bag of tea is sumerge in boiled water and added some syrup into a starbucks cup.
man is standing in a trampoline and make a vig somersault into the pool.
two men are sitting in the first floor of the trampoline watching the jump.
man get outs the pool, grab a towel and dry his face.
people are walking around the pool carrying bags.
People are standing next to a ping pong table.
A man is demonstrating how to play without a paddle.
Two people start playing a game of ping pong.
A pinata is seen swinging around the middle of people followed by a girl grabbing a stick.
She moves all around the room swinging at the pinata as well as another girl swinging with her dad.
A young boy walks up to try to hit it as well as another boy.
Two girls are seen standing on a gymnasium floor in front of a large crowd.
The girls then begin dancing around the area while twirling batons in their hands.
They continue to spin around one another and end by holding a pose.
A horse is behind a yellow gate as a man sits on top holding a rope.
The gate is opened,and a black calf comes running out into the field of dirt.
Almost instantly,the man throws his lasso and jumps off to secure the cow.
Once he is finished,the man gets back on the horse and other individuals come out to take the calf out.
A company log is on the screen.
A boat is floating on the water.
A tube has water running through it and there are floats on the water.
The camera is scanning the boat.
Two women are sitting on the boat, one is poking the other.
A plastic seat is inflated then a board is put into the water.
A woman is on the board and holding on to a line attached to the boat.
A woman is driving the boat while the other woman is boarding behind her.
A woman is taking a selfie while on the boat.
The woman is doing tricks with the board on the water.
She let go of the line and floated freely.
A little girl is seated at a table in front of two glasses, a 7up bottle and a plate of lime slices.
She adds the soda and lime slices to the glasses, squeezing the juice into the liquid before taking a drink.
We see men on a stage walking on a slack line as two other men film the event.
They switch and a different man then walks the slackline who flips off the slackline.
The men switch again and the first man is on the slackline.
The man fall off the slackline onto his butt.
The second man bounces and flips off.
The first man bounces and flips off.
the men clap and take the slackline off stage.
The team in white and red uniform danced in the court.
The team individually do jumping rope, danced on the ground.
The team do jumping ropes where two females hold the end of the jumping rope, rotating them as the other team member jumped inside the rope and dance.
A man holding a baton and wearing glittery tights is standing on a basketball court and is doing a routine of baton twirling, flips, and dramatic dances.
The man twirls the baton very quickly and unexpectedly drops it.
The man quickly recovers and picks up the baton and continues his routine like he's never dropped it in the first place and throws the baton high up into the air and does numerous spins and quickly catches the baton before it hits the ground.
The man ends his routine in a sitting position with his legs spread apart, his head thrown back and the baton resting on his right and between his legs.
A young man in a brown hoodie and cargo pants is standing on a road in a forested area, instructing viewers as he holds onto the end of a skateboard.
After demonstrating a stance on the board, he picks it up and walks back several yards, and places the skateboard on the ground, tiling it up with one foot on the end.
He puts it down flat, and begins to skate forward on the board.
He flips around on the board, doing a tricky move, and then heads back to where he began to skate.
60  After speaking for a little longer, and gesturing to the board, he repeats the move again, heading back once again to the spot he started from.
A little boy is playing on the jungle gym while a man talks to him and records.
He goes up the stairs and slides down the slide several times.
When he is done he goes over and hugs a lady in a wheelchair.
The scene says River Scum with a black background.
A kayak is going down a river while a person is paddling.
A screen comes with words.
A group of gymnast enter front a side of a stadium.
Next, a gymnast is shown on the bar and does multiple tricks consisting of flips and handstands then flips off to land and walks off.
As a man runs near him,a replay is shown of the instances where he messed up and then his score is shown.
Another man is shown doing various tricks and flips but instead of being above the bar,he starts out below the bar and comes on the top to do a hand stand before finally flipping off.
Several other teams approach the bar and they too begin doing the same tricks in their competition.
The winner then begins waving his flag and waving his hand to the crowd.
The credits of the clip are shown.
A girl in a ponytail is speaking.
The girl with her hair down is speaking in a bathroom and places her hand on the sink.
The girl turns on the faucet to wet her toothbrush.
The girl turns off the faucet, unscrews the toothpaste, and puts some toothpaste on her toothbrush.
The girl brushes her teeth and spit in the sink.
The girl rinse her toothbrush and places on the side of the sink.
The credits of the video are shown on images of the video.
A man is smoking a pipe and blowing smoke rings.
The man uses profanity and flips the camera off.
Another man is standing by watching him.
We see a magazine on a black background.
People begin running on country roads in a marathon.
We see them get drinks at a table.
A man is running and holding a camera facing himself.
The man who is running is seen again.
We see a person point at a lake.
We cross the finish line.
A man is in a lake cooling off.
We see the ending screen.
A man is completing a rubiks cube.
A timer is sitting on the table next to him.
He sets the completed rubiks cube down on the table.
Various shots are shown of athletes holding a pole in their hands and leaning backwards.
This leads into several clips of more athletes throwing javelins off into the distance.
More and more people are shown throwing javelins.
A man secures a seated woman in a bungee harness while others stand by.
The woman talks to the camera in a close up view.
Several shots of the scenery are shown interspersed with the woman waiting.
The man finishes with the equipment.
The woman  carefully walks out to the jumping platform while one of the men stands behind her and an audience watches.
The woman bungees off the platform.
A replay of the woman bungeeing off the platform is shown.
A man serves a tennis ball with his racket.
He brings the racket down to his side.
Cigarettes are placed down on a table.
Someone shuffles cards onto the table.
A man pushes a broom behind them.
They continue playing cards at the table.
A man walks with a leaf blower.
He blows leaves on the ground.
The leaves move against the asphalt.
The man blows another man with the blower.
A woman walks into a partially netted area.
The woman stands preparing to hammer throw.
The woman performs the hammer throw.
The hammer is seen landing with judges walking towards it.
The woman raises her arm.
The woman walks out of the netted area.
The woman raises her arm again.
A child plays with a vacuum attachment piece in a bedroom.
The mother vacuums the floor of the bedroom.
The child brings the vacuum attachment into the next bedroom.
A large group of people are seen holding a rope while two more walk into frame and the camera closes in on the people.
The camera continues to pan around the people and leads into a match of tug of war and the women celebrating.
A close up of a guitar is seen followed by a person strumming the back.
The person moves their hands up and down the neck of the guitar while moving it to play.
The man continues to play the instrument and stops in the end.
A girl in a one piece bathing suit begins walking on a diving board that's located in a large indoor pool area with a lot of people in the stands.
When the girl gets to the end of the diving board she jumps and then flips and spins into the pool.
When the girl hits the water she makes a small splash.
A person is seen swimming under water using scuba gear and pulling a rope by her side.
She then catches a fish and is seen again in a bikini swimming around a whale.
More shots of a dolphin are shown jumping through the water and ends with text across the screen.
a river is shown and a car is a dust path.
men are rafting on a lake on the rapids.
A man is kneeling down on the ground sanding a wall with a silver utensil.
The man stands up,looks back at the camera and continues doing his task.
Now the man is back on his knees and continues to do what he was doing in the beginning.
People are dancing on a dance floor at a wedding.
It is dark in the room and colorful lights come on.
People continue dancing on the dance floor.
A man is seen sitting on a piece of exercise equipment moving back and fourth.
The man continues moving at different speeds and moving back.
A large waterfall is shown outside near a rocky trail of water.
All of a sudden,a person on a long raft comes paddling down the water and goes over the fall with ease.
Once over,they continue paddling and sailing through the water as the people on the side watches.
People handles bulls in a rodeo ring, a man is throw to the air by a bull.
People are throw by bulls to the ground while jumping and kicking with the back legs while people watch the rodeo.
Several people riding bulls are throw to the ground while other people distract the bulls that jumps and kicks.
A man talks on front a bush while other person stands on his right side.
Then, the man cuts the dead flowers of the bush while talking.
Also, the person cuts the dead flowers of the bush.
A person makes a pot of coffee.
The person then adds a bunch of sugary products to it.
The man drinks it and then calls people from a smart phone.
A man is standing and walking in the gym.
The man sat on the rowing machine and put his feet on the pedal.
The man began to pull the belt.
A man stands on a tennis court preparing to serve the ball.
The man hits the tennis ball across the court.
The man turns and walks back to his basket and grabs a ball from his pocket.
The man bounces the ball on the ground.
A person takes a knife and cut the ends of a potato, then the person peels the potato.
After, the person cut the potato in squares.
We see a man throwing a curling stone.
We see a man, 2 girls, then an older man interviewed.
We see a man throwing the stone.
We see the older man interviewed.
We see two boys talking in the rink.
We see a young man with longer hair being interviewed followed by two girls.
We see the boy curl, then be interviewed and a girl interviewed.
We see the people curling, a girl speaks, and a group of girls talks before they walk away.
A man is seen standing with his arms up and walks in between a set of uneven bars.
The man then hopes up on the bars and begins spinning himself around.
He continues spinning on the bars and ends by jumping down on the sides.
woman is in a kitchen talking and slicing cheddar cheese into thick pieces, cutting the bread, then she put butter in a pan and the bread loaf on the pan with the cheese on top so the cheese can be melted in the pan, woman says this is wrong.
woman shows a clean pan, put the butter on the bread and grate the cheese, then put it as a sandwich and in the pan with a lid till the bread is tasty.
woman serve the bread in a blue dish and slice in two.
A video shows how to make curry toast.
The curry is in a pan and the bread and butter are on a tray.
The man applies the butter, then the curry to the bread before toasting it.
A cartoon charicature of a stick person dances at the end.
A woman does a hair dressing routine by brushing and blowdrying hair.
The woman sits and has the hairdresser work her magic in under ten minutes.
A woman is standing in her kitchen in front of a counter.
She shows a plate of food, and several ingredients.
She boils pasta in a pot, draining it.
She then mixes cheese, orzo, and vegetables, creating an orzo pasta salad.
She takes a bite of the food.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera while sitting in a chair and leads to hear sitting in a shower holding a dog.
She scrubs the dog down with soap and then rinses the dog off while speaking to the camera.
She is then seen playing with the dog outside and intermittently speaking to the camera.
Women are playing a game of curling.
The audience watching them cheers and applauds.
A boy is standing behind a counter.
He is throwing darts at a wall.
A woman is standing next to him.
men are siting in a dark room talking to the camera.
sumo wrestlers are standing in stage ready to fight and people are gathered around them and sitting in he terraces.
men are talking in the dark room and explaining their point of view.
A woman is sitting at a table using a hookah while another woman makes silly faces and gestures behind her.
They speak animatedly with the person behind the camera.
There is a close up of the items on the table in front of them.
The woman with the camera turns it to face herself before aiming it back toward the other women.
One of the women coughs as a cloud of smoke hits her in the face.
A clear bottle pours a drink into a cocktail glass.
A bartender picks up a stainless steel cup and scoops ice into it.
The bartender pours liquors into a shot glass and dumps them into a cup.
The bartender caps the cup and shakes vigorously.
The contents of the mixing cup are poured into a martini glass.
Two water faucets are running and show a persons hands under the sink.
The man moves his hands around and then ends with him wiping his hands through his hair.
Several girls are outside in a large green field playing a game.
The girl in front of the camera is dressed in a yellow shirt and black shorts hit the ball with the stick and begins jumping in the air.
A man is talking to the camera next to a fence.
The man is holding a paintbrush.
The man dips the paintbrush into a bucket of paint and starts painting the fence.
The man moves along the fence painting it.
The man finishes painting and steps away from the fence.
Two young girls stand in front of a fireplace holding violins.
The girls begin playing a piece of music on the violins and then bow at the end.
Two younger children appear outdoors with a website address overlaid.
A group of men do freestyle running jumps throughout the city.
The men run together in a group.
Each man does a set of multiple jumps in a continuous line.
The filming is interrupted by building staff.
A persons hands are seen laying clay out onto a cake and begins painting objects on the side.
The woman puts the decorations around the cake and continues decorating more objects on the side.
She finishes the cake by adding the final decorations and presenting it to the camera.
An underwater view of blue water appear at the deep end of the pool.
In slow motion someone splashes into the water.
Various clips of men appear doing different dives into the pool and from different heights.
A man goes into the water feet first, lands at the bottom of the deep pool, then drops to do a push up and then quickly shoots up.
One guys jumps on the diving board but instead of diving he loses his footing and falls into the water.
A boy is standing at a wall pressing a button and talking into an intercom then stops and laughs.
A little boy is smiling close to the camera.
He uses a wrench to remove the bolts from a kids' bike tires.
When he is done, he laughs loudly.
Two men are seen kneeling before one another and begin wrestling one another.
A large group of people are seen watching on the side while the men fight.
The men continue fighting with one pushing the other out into the ring.
A man and woman news reporter are sitting in front of a tv screen as they talk.
They then show clips from an outdoor volleyball game.
The team mates hit the ball back and forth over the net.
Afterward, they shake hands with their opponents.
A man is doing a gymnastic routine on a balance beam.
He jumps off the beam onto a mat.
Another man jumps onto a balance beam and does a routine.
We see a man and a woman playing pool.
The lady takes her turn shooting the ball.
We see bright camera flashes.
We see the lady taking the photos.
The lady hands her pool stick to a man and shakes his hand.
She shakes another man's hand and leaves.
A man talks to the camera while holding a leash type of object with a bag in his hand.
The scene transitions to the leash being use on a dog.
The scene transitions to a closeup of the man disassembling and reassembling the leash.
The scene transitions to the leash being used on a dog again.
The man is shown in a closeup interacting with and petting the dog.
Various still images of a man's hair are shown.
A man is shown receiving a hair cut and styling in sped up time.
Still images of the man's hair after the styling are shown.
A female with a long blonde pony tale begins running across a large green field throwing a ball.
She then continues running across the field and begins looking at the bleachers and anticipating a softball game.
As the action continues,she progresses through the bleachers and a url appears on the last screen to watch live cricket games.
A group of people are gathered on a snowy hill.
They are walking around with intertubes.
They ride the intertubes down the snowy mountainside.
A man is seen sitting on a piece of exercise equipment with a trainer standing in front of him.
The man then moves back and fourth on the machine while the other man helps.
He is shown again in another clips moving and the trainer helping.
An athletic woman is seen running down a track with a large group of people watching her on the sidelines.
She continues running and finishes the race while collapsing on the ground in the end and breathing heavily while crying.
She sits back up crying and another woman helps her up, ending with a short clip of a girl running.
Two men hunt and shoot a buffalo in a sandy, desert like setting.
A room filled with stuffed and hunted animals displays in a room with many of them mounted on walls.
Two brown buffalos are standing next to each other on a sandy ground in extremely windy weather.
Two men watch the two buffalos from a distance with weapons mounted aiming to shoot as a camera man stands behind them filming the incident.
One of the buffalos is shot by an yellow tipped weapon while walking away.
One of the men is then shown standing over the dead animal.
A man leans over the camera he has placed on a dog.
The dog runs through different rooms of the house, then to the door and outside.
They go for a walk outside with the people and other dogs.
He returns home, and looks in his water bowl.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while pointing to various tools and wooden objects in front of him.
The man unhooks the side followed by sanding it down on the side.
The man then takes a screwdriver and drills in holes while stopping to sand it and show it to the camera.
A female news anchor is talking about a clip that will be shown.
Monkeys are skiing behind a boat in the water.
Another monkey is seen driving a speed boat pulling a skiing monkey.
Several people watch and take photos and video from the shore.
The monkey driving the speed boat is shown again.
The monkey circles the steering wheel with the boat moving.
The monkey then drives the boat to a set of buoys where three people are waiting for him.
Three news anchors discuss the monkeys.
