Eventually,a man grabs a chair and starts fishing and taking his fish off of his line.
A man speaks to the camera which follows an intro screen to him skating.
He continues talking to the camera and performing various tricks on his board throughout the area.
A man in gray shirt and jeans with orange helmet is trimming the hedges, he is standing in a ladder to reach the top of the hedge and trim it, the man continue to trim the hedge.
A man in white shirt and orange helmet is trimming the burned hedges.
A messy kid is eating an ice cream cone.
He bites the parents ice cream cone.
The parent adjusts the cone for the child.
The parent wipes ice cream from the child's face.
A girl waves to the camera and begins speaking followed by various ingredients laid out.
The girl then puts the ingredients on a plate and puts saran wrap over the food.
She mixes up the food with other ingredients followed by bread on top and cut into pieces.
She takes a bite of the food and eventually leads to pictures of her food next to a cup of tea.
A man snowboards over snow covered slopes and hills and several other objects like railings, roofs, garages and tree stumps.
A man snowboards over snow covered hill.
The man then continues to snowboard off of a garage roof, a stair railing and several other places.
The man does a complete spin in the snow in the final shot.
Black and yellow tokens slides on the floor while people holding sticks arrange the tokens on a painted triangle.
Toddlers walk on the sidewalk and cross the road stepping on the tokens.
A woman is in a kitchen talking.
She pours cleaner in a sink and describes some cleaning tools.
She puts a powder in the sink and squeezes a lemon over the powder.
She pours a liquid over that and scrubs with a brush.
She turns the water on for a second and then uses a stone on the sink before using the sprayer to rinse everything.
Men are standing against the fence, the gates are up and a rider is waiting to start.
Once the gate opens a little cow comes running out and the horse chases after.
The rider throws a rope at the cow trying to catch it and then jumps off the horse.
After he jumps off the horse he starts to pin the cow down and tie the rope around its legs very roughly.
A man is doing a gymnastics routine on parallel bars.
He dismounts and lands on a mat.
He gives several people high fives as he walks off the mat.
A female swimmer is standing on a diving board in a black swim suit and she jumps off doing multiple flips.
She is then shown on ground level talking and wiping her face with a towel.
All of a sudden,she returns back to the diving board and does a crazy flip where her knees are tucked in and she's doing several flips and then men applaud her and there's an instant replay.
The routine continues and the girl attempts to do more flips and the people react the same way and she puts her hand up to her mouth in awe.
A car commercial begins with numerous people washing a vehicle as it goes through a professional car wash.
The people stand in a group, waving their rags in the air at the camera, as if to say goodbye.
Then it cuts to a final screen advertising the name of the service.
We see a man talking in a basketball gym.
The man points at the boy.
The man points to the right.
We see a man making shots in a basketball hoop.
man is kneeling on the floor talking to the camera and showing the tiles above the wooden floor.
man is showing a place without the wooden floor and its putting the wooden pole in the floor measuring the space.
the man puts a wood sheet in space and put floor tiles.
We see a game of hockey being played.
the players rush the field and start fighting.
A person punches someone in the head.
The coach is trying to fight another coach.
A man climbs over the balcony to try and fight.
The red team gathers and hugs each other.
A person is seen riding along the water on a surfboard as well as others speaking to one another.
A man is seen speaking to the camera as well as more clips of people riding on the water.
More people speak to one another as well as into the camera and end by riding away on the boards.
People are standing on the backs of horses.
Three girls are talking to a camera.
The horses are walking across a dirt road.
A man is seen sitting on the floor and jumping to a standing position.
he then goes back in to a kneeling position and jumps to his feet again.
The same man does this two more times.
The camera watches a man in a hat talking with someone from a low angle.
The setting changes and the man in the hat talks with another man while the two look at papers.
The man in the hat sits down and talks to the camera.
The man drinks from a bottle of water.
A woman applies an ink pattern to the man's body.
The man lays on his side as the woman tattoos over the ink pattern.
Still images of the completed tattoo are shown.
A man throws an object in a track and field event at the Olympics.
This is then shown in slow motion and then sped up.
The coach reacts and cheers.
The athlete receives a medal and waves to the crowd.
A man is dribbling a basketball.
They run on the court and continue to dribble the ball.
They jump up and make a basket.
A little girl demonstrates how to apply make up using a mini makeup kit as a makeup source, all while talking to the camera.
A little girl talks to the camera and then leans into the camera in a close up shot.
The little girl pulls out a colorful make up palette and shows the camera the inside of the palette before beginning to apply some of the make up to her eyes.
The girl then applies black mascara to her eyelashes and some eyeshadow and lip gloss taking breaks after the applications to talk to the camera.
The little girl gives a final thumbs up and blows kisses to the camera before talking more and smiling as the scene fades out.
Two men are sitting, with their shoes in view.
A man picks up a shoe and puts it on his foot.
He then applies the other shoe, then ties the laces.
A man kneels to grab a weight while a man watch him.
A topless fat man practice weight lift behind the man.
A person lift a weight on back.
Then, the man lifts the weight, after he drops the weight to the floor.
Again, the man kneels again and lift the weight above his head and then drop it.
The credits of the clip alongside a bucket of paint are shown.
A hand paints a wardrobe white with a paintbrush.
The hand picks up a white rug.
The hand places two fingers inside the rug and proceeds to whip the painted wardrobe.
The final product of the painted wardrobe is shown.
The credits of the video are shown.
A woman is standing in front of an ironing board while talking.
She shows off a white shirt, which she sprays with something in a can.
She arranges the shirt on the ironing board, then begins to iron the shirt.
After she irons the shirt, the screen goes to an advertisement for Expert Village.
A man is taking a bike apart on a subway.
He is putting a tire back on the bike.
A man is standing in a yard of green grass and is shown mowing the lawn and when he's done there is a short exchange of a hand handing his hand one dollar bill.
The man is then shown moving the grass again and when he's done he's once again indoors and this time getting three one dollar bills handed to him.
He is once again back in the yard but this time he has the container filled with cut grass and a special effect makes it look like the cut grass is jumping into his container.
A special effect shows the man quickly in one place and then in another spot that varies a lot all throughout the yard.
The man goes back to mowing the yard and then back indoors to get one more dollar handed to him.
The man is very happy about this and he's back in the yard celebrating by jumping and mowing the yard a little more.
The man is then back indoors and a special effect shows a bunch of money flying into the air and straight into his hands and ends with a the man holding a bunch of money in his hands as they move.
An intro leads into several shots of various ingredients laid out on a wooden board, followed by a set of hands cutting up certain ingredients.
A person then grades some cheese into a bowl and breaks open the pasta.
They put the pasta into a bowl as well as fry the shrimp and puts all the ingredients into one pan together.
The person then serves the food onto a plate and text appears across the screen.
A woman sits in a chair.
Another woman puts something up her nose.
She then pierces it with a needle.
She puts a piece of jewelry on it next.
We see a man using an electric sander to sharpen a variety of things.
He uses a caliper and ruler on a item.
We see him sharpening more things and beveling a tool.
The man adjust some screws and moves an arm.
We see the item comes with a 7 year warranty.
The man adds an oil to the item, and we see the packaging.
We see the ending credits for the video.
Several clips of boxes are shown as well as people moving around a stage and an audience watching.
The video leads into several people washing windows as quickly as they can while many watch them on the side.
Many men speak to the camera as well as people announcing the scores and more window washing taking place.
Two men are seen running around a circle surrounded by people and performing martial arts moves.
More people come in the circle and the people continue spinning around one another and fighting with each other.
A small group of girls are seen walking out onto a lake holding tubes and leads into others riding along in tubes.
The people continue riding along the river on the tubes and the camera pans around the large group.
The walk off shore and speak to one another followed by the tubes hung up and the bus parked.
A woman is doing tricks with her jump rope.
She does a hand stand while jump roping.
She does a front flip while jump roping.
She stops and walks forward.
A woman is styling the hair of a mannequin.
She rolls the hair into curlers on top of the head of the mannequin.
She takes the curlers out of the hair and styles it.
Various shots of tools are shown that lead into a man sitting down holding a guitar.
The man then strums the guitar for a bit and pauses.
He is then shown playing again as well as more tools being shown.
A boy in a green shirt steps on a stool to reach the sink.
A woman stands next to him.
The little boy washes his hands in the sink.
She wipes the sink with a paper towel.
The boy dries his hands with a towel.
A man is standing up playing a saxophone.
A band is playing behind him.
Blue and white words come onto the screen.
We see a carved pumpkin and a title screen.
A man draws a face on a pumpkin.
A man then carves a pumpkin into a snarling old man.
The man takes an image of the pumpkin with a phone.
The man tilts the pumpkin back into the light.
We see still shots of the carved pumpkin.
We see the ending screen with a website.
A boy is walking across the stage with helmet and sword.
The boy meets another boy where baby faces are shown on their faces.
A man showing I'm bald words is above his head.
The boys separate as question marks appear over their heads.
A description of the video is shown.
The boy s continue to spar across the stage.
Pretend quotes are shown over their head and they continue to spar.
The boy on the left turns into flames and they set back up and continue to spar.
The stage lights up green and they separate and come back to spar.
The stage lights up blue as silly quotes appear over the boy on the rights head.
A girl walks into the center of a room with a hula hoop.
She does several acts and stunts with the hoop, bringing her head and arms in and out.
A man walks onto a field before a crowd, holding a heavy ball into the air.
He spins, then throws the ball as far as he can.
A woman and several others follow, doing the same.
The winners celebrate, holding up flags and hugging joyfully.
A compilation of shot put is put together, you see many different men getting prepared.
They turn their bodies very quickly building up as much speed as they can before taking their shot.
They practice and they do it professionally, it a serious sport that people really enjoy yo be a part of.
They tend to get very excited when they do good on their throws.
A person is seen holding up various food items while laughing and speaking with others.
The men then begin cooking together by mixing various ingredients and presenting them onto a plate.
The recipe is then shown for how to cook the food and leads into clips of the food being cooked and presented with the men eating together.
There's a man in a pink shirt and a lady in a white tank top holding bagpipes in her hand.
They are standing in a parking lot near a silver car.
The lady begins playing her bagpipes as the man watches her play.
She continues playing and after she's done, the man claps for her and gives her a hug.
A view is shown of steep mountain snow.
Skiers are traveling on a lift.
They are sledding on the snow down a steep hill.
Various people are seen standing in an open area performing several tricks with their dogs.
Many people watch on the sidelines and more people continue to show tricks with their dogs.
Several people are interviewed by the camera and leads into even more tricks being shown.
A woman shows a dish with vegetables and display the calories, the ingredients and the preparation of a dish.
Then, the woman puts vegetables on a bowl, then she fry a leave and put it in the bowl.
Then, the woman mix the vegetables and serves it on a dish.
A woman is seen sitting behind a set of bongo drums and playing along while speaking to the camera.
The woman continues hitting the drums while speaking to the camera and singing along.
A black screen is shown and various white words are shown.
After,a Caucasian man is shown playing the hand drums and stomping his foot.
A man is standing under a basketball goal.
A group of boys is listening to the coach.
They begin warming up by doing lay ups.
The boys line up, prepared to play the game.
A woman is standing inside a racquetball court.
She starts hitting the ball, running after it.
She trips and falls down, hitting the ground as a man rescues the ball.
A little boy is holding a paintbrush in the yard.
He is swiping a brush covered with water on the fence.
He dips it in the bucket, continuing to pretend to paint.
A person is seen walking around a track in the middle of a large audience.
The athlete then sits down while another stands next to him and prepares.
The man is then seen jumping over a bar followed by the same shot being shown again.
A woman walks into frame playing with her hair and parting it behind her.
The woman continues braiding up her hair and shows off the end result while looking to the camera then away.
A woman is painting a picture on a canvas.
She has orange and yellow paint on a board in front of her.
She paints two flowers onto the canvas.
A man is seen standing by the water holding an axe in one hand and a block of wood in the other.
The man continues cutting wood while the camera pans to other people in the room and a woman speaking to the camera.
A small boy plays on a stair stepper in a store.
We back up and see the boys legs.
The camera zooms in on the boy again.
An introduction comes onto the screen for a video about how to ski.
A man presents the videos with the topics he will cover as well as the equipment that will be needed to ski.
Throughout the video, several people are shown demonstrating some key concepts of the skiing lesson.
The video ends with the closing credits for the segment.
A close up of a man is seen holding an accordion and sitting in front of a camera.
The man begins playing the instrument while looking to the camera.
He pauses to speak for a moment then continues on playing.
A female news anchor introduces a story.
A female news reporter speaks to a fitness instructor inside a gym, where cyclists are riding fitness bikes.
Exercises such as yoga and bicycling are demonstrated by those in the gym.
The female news reporter continues talking to the fitness instructor.
She speaks to the anchor back in the studio.
A man is seen in several shots looking off into the distance followed by others riding around on boards.
The men gear up on the sides while speaking to the camera and ride around on the water.
The people continue to ride around while others watch on the side.
A row of teenaged boys are playing snare drums.
A large bass drum and player appear.
A girl playing a drum joins in.
Three girls are sitting on the beach, making a mound with sand and water.
They use a bowl to form a mold.
A woman talks, then she holds the tube of a vacuum and points the nozzle.
The woman vacuum dirt on a carpet, then she extends the tube while explaining.
Then, the woman puts a small nozzle and vacuum a couch,  then she explains  how to remove the dust container.
The woman continues explaining next to the vacuum.
A man is putting wall paper on the wall, he is trying to measure it just right so that it is even with the rest.
He cuts some of the paper and takes the plastic part off of the back so that it is sticky and begins pressing the adhesive side down on the wall.
He starts to add pressure to it so that any bubbles get out and it looks nice and even.
He stands back to look at the wall and make sure it look good, then shows a before and after photo.
A woman is seen walking into frame and nodding at the camera that leads into her pouring mouthwash out and into her mouth.
She rinses the mouthwash around, gurgles the liquid into her mouth, then spits it out and smiles.
There's man standing on his deck that is covered with snow.
He is getting ready to get into his hot tub on his deck.
He walks bare foot through the snow to get into his hot tub.
He begins to shovel the snow off the deck to make it easier for him to walk.
He clears the snow from the deck to create a pathway to the hot tub.
A camera pans all around a beach showing water crashing on the waves.
A person is then seen wearing gloves and painting down an arm chair.
The person continues painting down the chair and showing it off in the end.
In an indoor court teams of men are playing soccer while audience sits in the stadium.
The team in black is trying to prevent the other team in red from scoring, the goalie blocks the score.
They run up and down the court trying to score and keep the other from scoring.
The red team scores and it's 1-1, they continue back on the court til the game is over.
three woman are walking next to a house in a parking lot.
people are snowboarding between two fences in a small hall going down a small slope.
people are standing in a snowy mountain in snowboards.
people are eating sitting outside a tent.
people are snwoboarding going down a snowy slope ad doing tricks in mountains.
Men walk out on a stage clap and high five.
The men perform a cheerleader routine.
They hold five men in the air and flip them and flip four men in groups.
One man is lifted high and swings two men on his arms to the other side then five men make a star like shape.
the men kneel and dance and pose for the finish.
The men jump and cheer as they leave the stage.
A person in the front row stands in front of the camera.
A bunch of children are riding around in bumper cars.
They go back and forth on the track.
They bump into each other, smiling and laughing.
A man is standing inside a kitchen in front of ingredients and tools for cooking.
He shows dressing being poured onto a cabbage salad.
He explains how to cut a melon, creating slices that go into his salad.
Then he shreds a carrot, and moves the salad into a bowl before drizzling it with dressing.
We see an opening title screen.
A man is playing the drums while wearing earphones.
We see the man's feet in the upper corner.
the mans' feet return in the corner.
We see a game being played before returning to the drummer.
We see another scene from the game.
The man throws and catches one of his drumsticks.
We see a closing screen with a website on it.
Walking down the street holding onto a skate board the boy puts his board down and begins to skate.
Then three friends join him and they skate down the road.
While on the board they bend down with their hands behind their backs to build up some more momentum.
They ride around all over from one area to another enjoying their free time boarding.
A woman is kneeling down on a blue mat.
A man stands behind her talking.
The woman starts moving her legs and arms.
We see two opening title screens.
We see a man behind a bar talking.
The man adds ice to a martin glass and a tall glass.
the man adds three shots to the glass and shakes it.
The man puts a strainer on the glass and pours the ice out of the martini glass.
The man pours the lime green drink in the martini glass and adds a cherry and straw.
We see the closing screen.
A brunette woman is sitting in a room and has her left arm raised and is looking at her armpit.
The woman puts her arm down and talks into the camera and a black cat climbs on furniture behind her while she's still talking.
The woman is now standing in her shower fully clothed and she's applying a lot of shaving cream to her right leg that's propped on a wall.
The woman is now standing upright and has a lot of shaving cream on her left armpit and falls, then she's standing with shaving cream all over her and then claps her hands.
The woman is back in the room talking, then appears back in the shower with a razor and shaving her legs.
The woman is talking in the room again and her black cat goes up to her and the woman continues to talk and ends with a clip of her carefully getting out of the bathtub.
Two people are seen hosting a news segment speaking to one another and showing several clips on the interior of a gym.
The woman then climbs on the treadmill and gives it a try while still speaking to the man.
A man has his sax around his neck and he is explaining about reeds and mouth pieces and how you should put your mouth on it or what nor.
He talks for a while about this, demonstrates how you would move your tongue to make sound.
He blows into the sax to demonstrate a little more.
He even briefly puts his finger in mouth to try to explain a little better as well.
Several shots are shown of paintball gear as well as a man smoking a cigarette.
This leads into people playing paintball with one another and running around.
More shots are shown of people playing and speaking to one another.
Several bodies of water are shown and a man appears paddling a small boat.
Several other people are then shown paddling throughout the city in a small boats,passing several trees and city buildings.
As they continue there journey,they pass under bridges,restaurants and other landmarks and then there names appear across the screen.
A young child is moving back and fourth on a swing while laughing and smiling to the camera.
The child continues pumping their legs and then is stiff while looking off into the distance.
A woman in a green sweater puts on a face mask.
She paints a wooden fence.
She puts news paper onto the fence.
She pours a bucket of paint into a sprayer.
She starts spraying the fence with a hose.
A woman is sitting behind a piano.
A child is sitting behind a keyboard playing it.
Pictures of pianos are shown at the end.
Two kids with extremly long hair are outside near a group of sheds.
The shorter boy begins pulling the other guys hair and pulling him by it.
However,the boy lets the guys hair go and the guy begins to knee him in the private area,pick him up over his head and drop him on a piece of wood.
A man wearing a black shirt is sitting and playing the guitar in front of a black backdrop.
Initially he starts to play the guitar slowly to find the proper rhythm.
Than he starts to play the notes faster and faster.
In the end he looks at the guitar and adjusts his fingers as he finishes playing the song .
The video shows various clips of sumo wrestlers fighting in a ring while a referee and audience looks on.
In the first clip, a much bigger wrestler wrestles a smaller man who ends up winning.
The video continues with several other clips of wrestlers and how each wrestler wins the round.
The video ends with a comedy commercial where a smaller sumo wrestler crawls under another very large one, and ends up stuck in his sumo outfit.
Children are riding the  bumper cars at an amusement park or carnival.
A Traffic jam traps the little girls in the middle of cars.
the little girl in the hat smiles as she looks in her sisters face.
A gymnast is seen sitting before a beam and begins performing a routine with another person attached to his lower half.
The two present to be one gymnast on a bar and end with them jumping off with their arms up.
A man is standing on a elliptical working out.
He moves his arms back and forth.
There is a lake behind him.
A man bowls several times down a lane.
The screen of the score board is shown.
In a dark crystal ball, an alien looking thing is looking at the characters inside.
Three men are playing paper, scissor, stick and stone while creatures with different colors are watching them with shock.
One character won by using scissor, he then talked to the people around him.
We see the title for Kyla Ross on the parallel bars.
The girls lifts, then lowers her arms.
Kyla then jumps onto the short bar.
She transfers to the tall bar, then back to the short one.
She spins back to the tall one and spins.
She flips to the short bar, then back to the tall and flips.
She dismounts and hugs her coach.
We see her final score on a black screen.
A large group of people are shown walking in holding bows and arrows and one making a shot.
Several more people are shown making shots with their bows and arrows and celebrating in the end and standing on a podium waving.
A person flips a ski upside down.
They melt onto onto the bottom of the ski.
They run the iron over the top of the was on the ski.
A man sits at a table talking.
The man, now standing, pours paint thinner n a rag and wipes the table with the rag.
The man sits at the table again while talking.
Now he is standing putting a polish on the table and shining it.
He then cleans the table legs with a brush.
He sits at the table talking for another moment.
The scene changes and the man is seen standing in a garage.
We see a finger on the lens and a shoulder.
A woman pushes a lawn mower through the grass.
The lady lifts the mower and backs up.
The lady turns the mower.
A man is skating on a hockey rink and goes to make a goal.
He shoots and makes a point and the crowd cheers.
He makes another point and the crowd cheers.
A team of yellow jerseys rushes onto the ice to congratulate him.
They are lined up on the court while a man in a suit walks away from them.
The man in the suit stops and talks to another man.
He waves and walks back towards the players.
The team beings skating towards the people.
They skate across the ice and a man stands on the stands and holds up a trophy.
A swimmer swims inside of a pool.
The swimmer is seen wearing a training snorkel.
A man is putting on a pair of shoes.
He grabs his skies and boards a lift.
He is then shown skiing down various hills and mountains.
a male athlete prepares to run down a track.
He takes off running, vaulting himself over a bar and onto a mat.
He jumps up exuberantly, celebrating as the crowd cheers.
A man is standing on a field.
He kicks a ball into the air.
He runs to first base.
Boats are going through the water.
A storm hits and a man is crying.
The boats continue to go through the water.
A man drives a car, the car stops with a flat tire.
The man turn off the emergency lights, and then uses a repair kit to inflate the tire.
Then, the man advance the car a little and the tire inflates.
After, the man drives his car.
A group of swimmers are getting ready to perform.
The crowd watches the girls get ready.
A girl dives off the diving board and people cheer.
She climbs out of the pool while another swimmer gets ready to jump.
A man is holding the arm of a canister vacuum in a vacuum showroom.
The man lifts the arm and shows it to the camera.
The man then pretends, then actually vacuums the linoleum floor with the vacuum.
Many judges sit around a field, waiting the performance of an athlete.
An athlete approaches the field area.
The athlete spins his body around and tosses a disc with maximum force.
Various ingredients are shown laid out on a table and leads into a person putting items into a bowl.
The person is then seen cutting up fruit and laying it into a bowl.
She pours more liquid in and presents it to the camera.
A woman standing in front of the white sing, turned on the faucet, got some liquid soap and wash her hand.
She turned around and get some hand napkins from the wall, wiped her hands and threw the paper in the trash basket.
We see a man break dancing in an office plaza.
We switch and see different men break dancing in office plazas and lobbies.
We see man do a handstand.
We see a man take off and throw his jacket on the camera.
We see the black closing screen.
A person is spray painting bars that are taped together different colors.
They put a sticker of words onto the bars.
A man is getting ready to waterboard, there's a boat waiting for him to his right, and the white words on the right bottom corner say "Spray Lake Watersports & Activity Centre".
The man goes in the water and as he's holding onto the bar connected to the rope and the boat, he is quickly waterboarding on the lake, sometimes using both hands to hold onto the bar and sometimes alternating hands.
The man lets go of the bar and begins to slow towards a dock.
A pair of hands are now holding a waterboard that has black and silver pair of shoes attached to it.
A person is briefly shown waterboarding and the view goes to bubbling underwater.
A group of people are inside a gym.
They are lifting weights and dancing.
Others are using recumbent bikes and pedaling quickly.
Multiple men begin to start turning their bodies as quickly as they possibly can.
They each in different situations but all playing the same sport.
They build up as much speed as possible so they can throw as far as possible.
There are even audience for this sport that actually come to watch it.
A man talks about coaching gymnastics.
A girl starts to do a routine on the uneven bars.
Young boys are shown doing a karate demo in front of the judges.
They move back and forth and front to back performing various punches.
They then relax and take a bow while the people behind them clap.
They then continue on with their routine of play fighting.
This continues on until the boy finish their routine to applause and then sit down.
A woman jumps onto two bars and does a gymnastics routine.
The audience is watching her perform.
She jumps off the bars and lands on the mat with her hands in the air.
A replay of her performance is shown.
Words are then shown on the screen.
A boy dressed in a burgundy polo is at a bowling alley and throws the ball high up in the air and it ends up coming back in the other lane.
More bowlers are shown and they begin falling onto the lanes as the attempt to throw the ball.
A man then comes along and spins around on his head and ends up hitting the pins with the balls.
Finally,a ball is thrown correctly and the man congratulates him.
Various items are shown on a floor and leads into a woman holding up the products and speaking to the camera.
She holds up her shoe and lights a match over the polish.
She then takes a rag and runs over the boot with the polish in small circles.
A man and a woman get ready to play darts.
Instructions on needed materials to play darts are displayed.
The man and the woman walk to the dart board.
They joke around getting ready to play darts.
The man throws a dart.
The woman follows after him.
The woman throws three more darts.
The man shows off his dart and demonstrates how to step.
He throws the dart from afar.
The position of the darts on the boars are shown.
The man grabs the darts from the board.
The woman throws some darts.
The man follows after the woman.
The woman does it again.
The man returns to do the same.
The woman throws them again.
The man goes after her again.
The woman goes once more and triumphantly wins.
A computer monitor sits on a desk.
A boy puts on gloves.
He then puts on a helmet.
He then rides a longboard.
Several alternating images of dishes of food appear.
A recipe for greek dressing begins.
The ingredients made from oilsand powders are mixed together and shaken in a jar, and poured onto a salad.
It is then topped with blocks of cheese.
We see a man siting and holding a drum.
We then see the man playing on the drum.
The man hits a drum off camera left.
The man shuffles his hands on the drum.
The man stops paying the drums.
A man is seated on a couch.
He lifts up a shoe and bottle of detergent.
He takes it to a sink, where he washes it.
He then places two pieces of fruit on top, and eats them off with his mouth.
man is sitting in a kayak next to the sidewalk.
man is taking out the kayak from the water.
man is in the river holding the row and doing kayaking and other men are beside him.
A black screen appears with the words,"Ticas Grooming Purse" along with their url.
A dog is then shown hanging from a silver pole with two straps on him.
A human then begins grabbing the dogs paws as the little dog tries to bite her.
The grooming continues and then the dog is eventually put back down on the ground.
We see an opening screen with a moon.
A lady appears holding a pumpkin.
We see the lady in the lower left hand of the screen talking.
We see a person open and clean a pumpkin.
We see the person carve a drawing on a pumpkin.
We see a person draw on the pumpkin with a black marker.
We see the finished jack o lantern with a candle in it.
A camera is seen moving closer to a playground and shows a woman going down a slide.
A dog rides down with her and another dog walks around the area.
The woman rides down several more times with the small dog next to her.
Several different men are seen trying to snow board but, falling down over and over.
Many different people are in the background watching and doing different things in the snow.
The man that were falling give up and stay in a sitting position.
A crowd is gathered around a black tiled area.
A man in black does some breakdance moves.
He then trades off with a man in white, Several breakdancers trade off displaying moves as the crowd looks on.
Finally, the last breakdancer finishes his routine.
A woman is talking inside an office.
She is shown giving a facial treatment to an older woman.
She wipes her face down with substances and lotions.
A woman demonstrates how to create a braided hairstyle using a young woman as a model for the style in a hands on tutorial.
The hairstylist begins by parting the hair in four sections with a comb before braiding each section and clipping a hairpin on the ends of each braid.
The woman then pulls each braid across the front of the models hairline.
The model showcases the look while sitting in the chair and the camera captures her hairstyle from different angles before and image of three women on a sofa with a fly away helium balloon appears.
In a sped up mode an elderly man walks to the front of a house and grabs a blue snow plow.
Continuing in the sped up mode, the man begins to plow snow to make a path.
The man then moves the camera view and plows the snow in a different area that is fenced in.
The man grabs the camera, points to the plow and then pans to the different areas of the yard.
The man then goes indoors to show a messy and cluttered workshop filled with tools and supplies.
The man goes back outside, shows his dog and walks around his yard, puts his dog down and the dog runs back to the workshop and pushes the door open.
A young girl is inside a bathroom with her dad.
He rubs water up and down her face.
She giggles and smiles as he does so.
A toy bear wearing red and white overalls pours a cup of coffee into a yellow coffee cup.
The camera man zooms in on the toy bear from a side view to a front view.
The camera man pans out and moves to a side view of the toy bear and zooms out.
A curler prepares to make a curling shot while being watch be other people in the arena.
She makes the shot and lets go of the puck as the other team members chase it and sweep the ice.
Another shot is made, and team members proceed to follow the shot and sweep the ice.
A third shot is then made and the curlers allow the shot to knock out another puck.
A man is seen padding a canoe along the water while the camera captures him from several angles.
The man continues riding around followed by performing several ways to turn the canoe around.
A close up of a hand is seen that pans out to a man putting gloves on.
The man then assembles a torch and begins burning a piece of metal in front of him.
The man continues to work and hammer objects as well as sand it on the side.
A boy is in a bumper car, spinning around by himself.
He moves back and forward in his car.
He looks lonely as he finally comes to a stop.
A yellow cloth, yellow and green sponge, and a cif creme cleaner is placed on the counter next to a shallow sink with silver drainer.
A hand pour a drop of Cif creme, wiped it with the green side of the sponge, wiped it in circular motion, then wipe the counter with yellow cloth.
A close up of a person's feet are seen riding along the river in a tube.
Several more people are seen riding in tubes down the river while others watch on the side.
The person continues riding down the river past others.
Two people white water raft over a rocky, climactic, body of water in narrow canoes and with paddles.
A person dressed in a red and black outfit stands in a red canoe and begins to put a piece of black equipment on.
The person in the red and black outfit begins rafting in the red canoe over a tumultuous body of water filled with large rocks.
The person in the red canoe approaches another canoe in the water, this one blue, the red canoe and blue canoe raft through the waters behind one another as the scene fades to black.
Men explains the game beer pong, while people compete in the tournament.
Two person wears funny clothes and white wigs.
Several people compete beer pong in a table full of cups with beer, then one person wins and people congratulates the winner.
Then, people plays beer pong unsuccessful, and then a man throw the ball in the far cup, then people hug the winner who receives a price.
A person takes pictures to the winner.
The name of the business is shown.
A person is braiding a client's hair.
A person is running scissor through a braid.
A person is applying rods to braids.
A person is putting braids with rods into water.
A client with reading glasses is talking.
A client is leaving after braids are done.
The credits of the video are shown.
A man wearing a black shirt that has white words that say "Plays well with self" is sitting in a home and playing on two different bongos that are different in size, design and color.
The man stops hitting the bongos and rests his left hand on the lighter colored bongo.
Then the man moves his right leg as if he is going to stand up and the bongo moves without his leg support.
A man with a bow and arrow is practicing his aim and form.
He shoots an arrow and grabs another one from behind hm and gets ready to shoot again.
He pulls back the string on the bow and releases it along with the arrow.
He continues this routine over and over, practicing for perfection.
A close up of a wooden bench is seen followed by a person mixing ingredients together.
A person is then seen holding a rag and wiping down the bench.
More ingredients are mixed afterwards that leads into more wiping down with the rag.
Two small children as seen sitting at a table laughing with one another.
One girl is seen painting another's nails while she looks off into the distance.
The girl continues painting the others' nails while she laughs into the camera.
A lady lays on a yoga mat in a carpeted room and does sit ups while talking.
A finger enters the screen.
The lady finishes and stops.
A volleyball is spinning on a ledge.
We then see a game being played of table tennis, the players showing the mechanics of the paddle, ball, and table as they play.
A young blonde boy is shown in several still images, including several while skiing.
He is then seen skiing down a large hill from multiple angles and videos.
He lands on top of a small hill, falling over.
We then see an image of him sleeping on a couch.
woman is holding a hairdryer and dying a little kid hair.
little kid in the back is standing and laughing.
Two people are seen walking out of a building and leads into them playing crochet with one another.
The men continue hitting the ball around the yard while speaking to one another and measuring out the ball.
The men continue playing and one holding out his arm and end by walking away.
People are riding bikes around a dirt trail.
They go over a hill several times.
The boy is wearing a helmet.
A firefighter is shown walking on a tight rope in his gear very slowly.
He moves along the rope towards the end and walks back to the start until he fails.
Several shirtless men are gathered in a room, one smokes a cigarette as the rest cheer him on.
He sucks down the cigarette all the way down to the bud.
He coughs a bit and then inhales it in his nose, pointing to the camera afterwards.
The shirtless man is doing crunches.
The woman is doing crunches while her legs is on a machine.
The woman is holding the man's feet as he crunches.
The man is moving his legs while he has big yoga ball under his legs.
A cartoon yellow character is shown running with bulls behind him.
Several sumo wrestlers are then shown running down a track.
A gun fires, and they run again.
A van drives down a country road and pulls to the side of the road with a flat tire.
The driver fumbles with a hand jack and is frustrated.
The driver then uses an electric car jack to lift the car wheel up instead.
The woman plugs in a an electric hand drill that and uses it to remove the lug nuts.
The woman puts a new tire on the car and bolts it in place.
The woman lowers the car wheel off of the jack.
A man points to the different tools in a tool box.
The man hooks a charger up to the car battery.
Cars are getting washed at a car wash.
A play room in the car wash is being shown.
The outside of the car wash building is shown.
A man holding a javelin runs down a track.
The man throws the javelin.
The man falls to the ground.
We see the javelin flying through the air.
We see people run to measure the distance of the javelin.
The man pumps his arms and we see happy people in the crowd.
we then see a reply of the man's toss.
A man wearing a striped shirt dances with a girl in a brown blouse at a street festival.
Other couple join in and dance in a street festival while performers play on a stage.
Onlookers pass by while the group continues to dance.
A collection of skateboards lined up on a street in the upward position on their wheels and upside down on the platform.
A skateboarder wearing a white helmet skates by followed by another skateboarder while the camera pans a group of skateboarder spectators watching from the street curb.
A group of skateboarders perform tricks and maneuvers up and down the street.
A view of a vehicle loaded with skateboards and skateboarding equipment.
Another view of the skateboards lined up on the street in the upright position.
Spectators watch from the street curb while a group of skateboarders take turns skating down hill and making a sharp spin stop at a designated spot.
An intro screen of clouds appear and the blue words across it say "HOOKAH TRICK MONTAGE HD".
Various words show up in between many different clips of many different people blowing smoke out of their mouths and doing many different tricks; and when the words are put together they say "ITS TIME TO MAKE IT RIGHT".
When the clips are done a black screen appears and blue letters appear and it say's "Thanks for watching".
A woman and a man practice kick box in a gym where also other people train, then he woman talks.
A cars run in a city with a soldier holding a weapon, a family in the street, people walking and car sit o the curve.
The woman talks from a room, then she trains with others in a gym, then a lady in the gym talks.
at the end trophies are shown.
The person is skiing down the high snow covered mountains.
A red helicopter is flying around as the skiers are climbing the top mountain.
The skiers ski down the slope, ride their motorcycles, went fishing , and ski.
A man stands in a rustic living room and plays a bagpipe in his socks.
We see a man tapping his foot as he plays.
The man switches to his other foot tapping.
the man finishes playing and wipes his face.
A man is outside trying to shovel off snow off of their windshield.
The man then goes inside and starts talking.
Once finished,he walks outside from his garage and test the product of the IceScreen.
A camera pans all around a lake and trees an leads into people pulling a rope along.
A man ties the rope into place and shows several clips of people hanging on the rope as well as walking.
More clips are shown of people walking along the rope as well as more landscapes.
An elderly woman is seated in a chair.
She is knitting with red yarn.
She talks to the person with the camera as she knits.
A camera pans away from a road and shows a person's feet moving around.
Several shots are shown of people tying their shoes, hitting a button, and checking a watch.
People are then seen running down the road one at a time followed by many more following.
girlwearnig a purple body is in fornt of a balance pole and make a jump to stands on top.
the girl is doing gymnastics on top of balance beam.
people in the stands around the court are watching the kid doing gymnastics.
the girl make a big somersault and lands on the floor.
A red, white and black intro has a logo and the words and letter W2K15.
The video game begins and there are 3 characters against 1 character and they are wrestling in a rink performing numerous tricks like strangling, hitting, running into the character to make them fall, or picking them up and then slamming them down to the ground while the referee is standing in the corner.
A new round begins with different characters wrestling and the referee tries to stop them but one of the characters picks the referee up and then slams him to the ground where he lays there for a few seconds.
The referee gets up and then kicks one of the characters out of the rink then he drops on the ground to bang his hand on the rink to end the wresting round.
The outro video begins and it's the same as the intro video.
An ax rests in a fallen tree.
A man picks up the ax, and chops the trunk of the tree.
He continues chopping until the log is in half, then walks away.
A man is pouring shots of alcohol into a blender.
He blends the drink together.
He puts orange slices on two glasses.
He pours the drink from the blender into the glasses and adds straws.
A close up zooms in on a screen.
Several adults and kids are outdoors.
The kids are riding dirt bikes in a competition.
They are shown racing around a course and over hills and taking sharp turns.
A boy on a bike stops at the camera, looking intently.
We see a black opening logo.
A man etches a pumpkin with a knife like tool.
The man then carves a logo into the pumpkin.
We see the pumpkin with a light inside of it.
We then see the same logo as the open.
A man and a woman are shown sitting at a table with a cigarette in her mouth and their arms crossed at one another.
They begin arm wrestles and the girl with the cigarette beats the man.
There's a sandwich that is still whole and has been cut in half into a triangular shape and white words pop up on the screen noting that it's a "Reuben sandwich".
A man in the kitchen appears and he's putting seasonings into a pan and he starts swishing the pan around.
An introduction of 6 different small videos of foods appear and there's text below that say's "Steve's cooking".
A large piece of raw meat appears on a white plate and the word Reuben flashes a few times on it as it's shown in various different angles.
The man then places the meat into a large pot and pours liquids onto it until it's fully covered and begins to season it with various seasonings and at the same time the names of the seasonings appear on the screen as each seasonings fall.
Then there's a close up shot of a large knife that is crushing a bunch of garlic cloves that also get thrown into the pot and the seasonings and meat are gently stirred then quickly shows that the water is now boiling and text shows up that say's "About one hour per pound", and a lid gets put onto the pot.
A pair of tongs pull out a piece of meat from the pot and is placed onto a white square plate where it gets put onto a cutting board and gets thinly sliced with a large serrated knife.
An empty large clear bowl is shown and mayonnaise, ketchup, relish, worcesterchire sauce, and hot sauce get spooned into the bowl.
A purple onion, celery and parsley then get chopped up individually and each individually gets thrown into the bowl where it begins to get mixed by a whisk and then seasoned with salt and pepper and mixed some more.
A finger dips into the bowl to get a sample out and mixing continues for a bit longer.
A small brush with melted butter begins to butter bread on both sides which gets put onto a flat grill and flipped until both sides are grilled.
Some white shredded food gets thrown onto the grill and is stirred around by a black spatula.
Thin slices of meat appear next to the white shredded food and they get topped with 3 slices of swiss cheese and covered with a white bowl until the cheese melts, then the white shredded food is scooped up and put onto the meat and cheese.
The mixed sauce from the clear bowl is then shown being spread onto the bread with a spoon and the meat,cheese and shredded white food is put onto the bread, topped with the other bread, and then sliced in half diagonally.
The sandwich is then spread apart and a hand picks up one half to show it at different angles, it gets bitten a few times and then put back on the plate where the rest of the video just shows it at differently angles and short previous seen clip of the meat being sliced.
We see two teams of men playing soccer indoors.
Two men collide and fall to the ground.
Three men high five and hug each other.
A man throws the ball clear across the room to the other goal.
Two sets of people n the crowd are interviewed.
We see the crowd and a man interviewed and see some scoring shots.
We see three men stand and pose for a photo and a man is interviewed before we return to the game.
A group of kids are throwing balls at one another in a bouncy room where the floors are inflatable bounce platforms.
The children on the right side of the room throw balls at the children on the left side of the room as balls come flying onto their side of the mat in an effort to hit them.
The children hurl and dodge with one child in a blue t-shirt retreating into the far right corner of the bounce room to try to avoid a ball which comes hurling at him from the other side.
There are several athletes doing discus throw in an outdoor ring.
The first athlete who is dressed in a red and white shirt begins the discus throw using a one and a half kilograms discus.
He spins and rotates on the spot and throws the discus.
Then another athlete throws the discus but in unsuccessful.
The athlete in blue then makes his attempt at the discus throw as he swings and spins to throw the disc.
Then another athlete who has won third place throws the discus successfully.
Some more athletes come to the ring and throw the discus.
The stadium bleachers are not filled with sufficient spectators due to security reasons.
Two girls are acting silly and throwing signs at a camera.
They then take turns doing cartwheels across the lawn.
They do front and back flips, then run toward the camera.
A black screen appears and quickly white words fly across it and they say "Here it comes Set for full Screen".
A picture of a snowcapped mountain appears and white words on the screen say "HARTEL PRODUCTIONS".
A wooden board appears at an outdoor area an it say's "CLAM BEACH COUNTY PARK WELCOME NORTH DAY USE PARKING", then in yellow some text appears that say "THE DOG WALK".
Various still shots of people walking with dogs or walking alone along a road appear along with various shots of the area and titles of what they are.
At the end there are still shots of dogs getting loaded into a car, the dogs in the car, a man loading the car with his walker, a closing sign and then yellow words appear that say "THE END" and it fades to black.
A man in a black shirt is standing in a salon.
He starts shaving a man's beard that is laying down.
He towels off the man's face.
There are surfers riding on a very large wave.
A white wave crashes down and the surfer below it disappears as the large white foam of the wave spreads to a very large area on the water.
Men on water jets quickly go to the area where the surfers could be and they recover them from the water and quickly drive away from the wave as they pass other surfers and water jet drivers as they all continue to ride on the waves.
Now the view changes to the view from a helicopter above and it shows the people on the water driving their water jets.
A black screen appears and it includes white lettering that say's "Shot on Red One by Mike Waltze" and includes a website then the word "Courtesy NanoGreensHawaii dot com Instant Organic Nutrition".
A gymnast is seen rubbing his hands together and walks over to a set of uneven bars and raises his hands up.
The man performs a routine on the bars while hundreds of people watch on the sidelines.
He jumps down, waves his arms in the air, and walks over to high five his coach afterwards.
Several shots of people playing basketball are shown and leads into two men demonstrating a move.
The same move is shown again from various angles and instructor the user how to do it.
More tricks are shown as well as step by step instruction on how to properly do it.
We see men in a room playing pool in a tournament.
The man in the blue shirt approaches to shoot.
The man walks away to exchange his pool stick.
The man in blue makes his shot.
The man then takes another shot.
The man takes his third shot.
The man makes his fourth shot.
The man makes his final shot.
Woman throws a throwing knife at board.
Three men throw knives.
Knives hit a board.
Two men throw throwing knives backwards.
Man throws throwing knife.
Woman throws throwing knife.
A man and woman throw throwing knives.
Man throws knife while laying down.
Man demonstrates techniques to students.
Dojo members practice techniques.
Dojo members bow to the man.
A boy enjoys an ice cream cone.
A girl eats licks and eats an ice cream cone.
The boy finishes the ice cream cone.
The girl lightly licks the ice cream cone.
Men on these robotic looking pogo sticks are playing basketball inside of a court.
They are walking on the pogo sticks and jumping a bit too.
They try to get the ball in the hoop and continue bouncing around the court.
A man in green does a flip in the air and shoots the ball into the hoop.
A person holds a ring in a small box.
Then, the man wraps the box with gift paper.
After, the man tries to find the end of a scotch tape roll, but he can not find it.
The man cuts the excess of paper and put take on the gift.
A man is sitting on a cycle bike working out.
A man is standing up next to him talking.
A black and white logo comes onto the screen.
A person is seen dealing cards as well as several shots of a casino table and poker chips being dealt.
A band is playing, a person is seen smoking a cigarette, as well as people bartending and speaking to one another.
In the end more people are seen enjoying the casino and moving around.
A lady is lying down on a black bed, a woman in black sweater and wearing black gloves is rubbing a white cotton on the lady's belly button.
Then the woman draw a dot on the belly button, piercing the navel with a thong, then the woman inserted  a metal stick, then cleaned the pierce, then the woman inserted the belly button accessory, and tighten it then cleaned up the piercing.
A person is getting their legs waxed on a table.
They rub some lotion onto their legs after.
They show their clean waxed legs.
A man in a hat is talking to a camera.
He is dressed up in a sumo wrestling outfit and playing curling.
He is playing tennis on a tennis court.
A woman is shown in a yard, talking to the camera.
She is then on horseback, and a woman is shown in several scenes talking about technique.
The girl rides the horse alone, then with other people down trails.
A woman is seen speaking to someone off camera and leads into herself playing the drums.
Another man steps into frame and begins playing the drums with a woman.
A small child appears in front a bit grabbing onto the woman while she and the man still play drums.
A blindfolded man is seen sitting at a table with a timer coming on next to him attempting to solve a rubix cube.
The man finishes the cube and timer stops while a person standing next to him records his time.
Another man is seen walking around in the background while the camera pans around to more people solving cubes.
A woman wearing a black top and with curly brown hair and bronze highlights is demonstrating how to use a diffuser to dry hair.
She is using the blow dryer on medium heat to dry her hair.
She blow dries the curls till the moisture from the hair is gone.
After she's done using the blow dryer, she uses a wide tooth comb to comb through her curls.
She then poofs up her hair and shows off her luscious curls.
A young girl plays the clarinet.
The girl pauses for a second to flip her music sheet standing in front of her.
The young girl resumes playing her clarinet.
The girl stops and looking pleased with her performance.
A close up of a fooseball table is shown with people moving polls all around.
The man bounces up and down as the people continue to play with one another.
One man runs away to grab the ball and leads back into them playing.
man is playing with a ball making balance with a lacrosse pole.
little kid grab the ball from the floor with the pole.
kid is playing with a ball in a green grassy field.
A person turn on a button of a device with a long road next to a wood box.
Then, the man put the rod in a hole and sparks come out, after the man end doing sparkles.
We see an animated opening scene.
We see see man run with a pole and perform a high jump.
The man knocks the pole down and lays down in disappointment.
We see the man holding his pole and make his 2nd attempt knocking over the pole.
The  man tries a third time and the poles stays up.
The man raises his arms in the air.
We then see attempt 1,2 and 3 again.
The man raises his arms in the air for the crowd.
The man throws his arms in the air and falls to the ground.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into him presenting various objects and sharpening a knife on a board.
The man demonstrates how to properly sharpen the knife using the tools and his hands while continuing to sharpen the knife on the board.
A white haired man sits at an upright piano and begins to play in a lobby while people walk by.
The cameraman zooms in on the mans hands as he's playing and zooms back out.
A man is walking on the grass wearing stilts.
People are watching him next to a pond.
He continues walking on the grass toward the people.
A male skateboarder is skating, he jumped on the railing and then slipped and fell on his back and a hand helped him up.
A boy jumped in a platform with his skateboard and slipped and fell.
The skateboarders jumped on the platform or railings and slipped and fell on the ground.
A camera pans in on a television set that leads into a man holding a stick in front of a large crowd.
He speaks to a woman and a shot of people playing shuffle board is shown in slow motion.
A man sits behind a drum set.
The man starts playing the drum set.
The man keeps playing the drums.
Two children are seen walking around a yard play crochet with one another and laughing on the side.
the kids continue to play with each other while the camera pans all around their movements.
People are riding horses in a field.
They are playing polo on horses.
A person standing on the sidelines waves a white flag.
A man in a black shirt is standing outside talking.
He then is inside a swimming pool.
He is back outside talking to the camera.
A young male athlete is standing in a field and turns backwards in a small circle.
He then extends his arms and begins moving them back and forth.
Once ready,he spins around and throws the discus out in the field,walks away and looks back at the distance.
An Asian man is standing by the keyboard, he is wearing a red shirt with black top inside.
Two people, one girl and one boy are sitting, the girl is wearing a white top, while the boy is wearing a white stripe sweater.
The man started playing on the keyboard, he has his hands shown, he is wearing a black bead bracelet, then he continue playing while the two people in white is listening.
When the man finished playing his keyboard, people cheered for him.
A man squats and holds a bar over his head several times.
A man in a red shirt watches him.
He drops the bar on the ground in front of him.
A series of screen flashes and it shows statistics about driving drunk and when to take breaks driving.
After, a group of about forty individuals are in a large pool playing water polo.
The people take turns going back and forth throwing the ball and a person finally makes a goal.
A man is using an elliptical trainer while standing.
Then a woman sits on it as she uses it in another fashion.
It switches between the two as they exercise.
A close up is shown as to how the machine works, and folds up for easy storage.
A man stands atop a rock formation.
Several scenes of individuals rock climbing are shown from various angles and settings, interspersed with brief closeup shots of the climbers.
Several credits are shown on a black screen.
A large group of people are seen standing together dressed up with one man speaking into a mic and pointing.
The man then busts out into song and dance with another man and pointing to the groom gradually.
A man with white shirt is standing in front of a machine.
He turned around and pointed the machine.
The machine is being shown.
A man who is wearing a white shirt keeps talking, while behind him a man in gray shirt walked and reach something in the machine.
The man in gray shirt put a powdery stuff in the machine.
He is shaking the bag.
The man in white shirt is putting cement on the wall.
The man is holding a blue long tube pointing on the wall.
The man in gray uniform used the tube/pump and spray the cement on the wall.
An old man is smoothing the cement on the wall.
A video is shown how to change a spare tire.
The first tire is taken off and replaced, but nothing else is done.
Words come across the screen over an image.
We see ladies dealing cards on purple tables in a casino with no customers.
the dealer smiles and deals cards and points to them.
The dealer finishes and waves her arms across the table as words appear on the screen.
a elder man is on water standing on a jet ski.
The man begins to jet ski.
The man takes on hand off of the handle.
The man places both hands back on the handle and jet skis.
We see a blue opening screen.
We then see people solving Rubiks cubes in a competition.
A boy finishes, throws his arms up and spins in his chair.
We see a boy throw his arms and yells.
Boys arm wrestle in a match for a large crowd.
The crowd congratulates the winner.
The two boys shake hands after the match.
We see a hockey goalie skating on the ice.
The goalie blocks shots repeatedly.
We see the goalie laying on the ice.
A shot makes it past and the goalie has a tantrum.
The goalie sits on the ground as a person makes their shot.
A man is seen kneeling on the floor while holding an iron in his hands.
He bends down with the iron to iron the shirt and puts it down.
Afterwards he covers his ears and looks away in pain.
We see a lady bring a horse into a stable turns the horse around and ties him up.
The lady then brushes the horse and cleans the hooves on the horse on the right.
The lady then sprays a product in the mane and comes it.
The lady moves to the front of the horse and brushes his mane.
the lady brushes the left side of the horse and cleans his hooves.
The lady then brushes the tail and the horse and the lady leave.
A man is outside scraping the ice off of the windows of his car.
Once he is finished,he puts the tool in the back of his seat and gets in the car.
A black screen appears and it has a lot of white words on it that include the name, height, weight, years games, points phone number and email for player #23.
Various clips of different hockey games play and occassionaly a yellow arrow will appear pointing out the #23 player in each different hockey game clip.
A black screen appears again and it's the same as the screen that was the intro that includes the same information on player #23.
A person is seen drawing on the side of a pumpkin and then leads into cutting out the outlines.
The person then wipes a rag all over the pumpkin cleaning off its sides.
A person is holding someone on their shoulders.
They spin around several times and fall over onto the floor.
The man gets up and sits on the bed.
A man is seated in a chair, holding a saxophone.
He stands as he plays, his fingers moving up and down the instrument.
The screen cuts to black and white text.
A man is talking in next to several exercise bikes.
He starts working out on one of the bikes.
People are working out in the dark.
A woman braids her hair in several braids.
She ties them behind her head.
Children ride in bumper cars on an amusement ride.
One person follows close behind a car in front of him riding his bumper.
The group gets stuck in a a large traffic jam after bumping each other.
The cars turn around and get out of the traffic jam.
A boy crashes into the back of a stopped car.
A person wearing a hat is sitting no a couch.
They begin playing an accordion.
They are pointing at buttons on the accordion with a screwdriver.
A person stands on his hands on a trampoline above a swimming pool, then the boy flips in the air and dives into the water.
After, the boy stands on the trampoline with the back facing the pool, then jumps, flips and dive in the water.
Now, the boy stands on the trampoline facing the pool, then jumps, flips and dive in the water, then do the same but this time with the back facing the pool.
At the end, the boy enters the trampoline running and flip in the air, then he stands on the trampoline and flips and end diving in the water.
I woman talks to the camera while holding a ping pong ball and standing by a ping pong table, interspersed with closeups of short demonstrations of technique.
The woman retrieves a new ball.
The woman retrieves two balls, then gets rid of one.
The woman retrieves another ball.
A close up of a log is seen and a person swinging an ax up and down.
The person swings the ax against the dog and cuts it in half.
The person performs this several more times.
A woman in a dress holding a violin addresses an audience.
The woman plays the violin as other musicians look on.
The woman finishes her playing and everyone applauds.
A boy picks up a rake off the ground and carries it.
A man goes down a slide wearing a blue helmet.
He falls onto the ground after going down the slide.
A young man sits on a a planter in front of a brick building.
A graphic is seen with cartoons.
The young man sits on a planter with a skateboard on his lap the young man spins his board and does skateboard tricks riding on asphalt.
The young man does tricks over an orange safety cone.
The skateboarder stands up from the ledge and stands on his skateboard.
A large group of people are seen running along a field and leads into them playing a field hockey game.
The game continues on with arrows pointing to various players as well as shots of people falling down.
A view of a very large diving platform with different heights is shown and people around the pool are walking.
A person on one of the platforms dive into the pool.
The diver hitting the pool causes a small splash.
Video then freezes and there are no movements.
Two young girls are seen kneeling before a tub while speaking to the camera.
The girls hold up a product and measure it out followed by putting it into their mouths and swishing it around.
The girls then spit out the liquid and continue to speak to the camera.
We see a lady in the woods chopping logs of wood.
The lady puts a log on a platform.
We see chickens running around the background.
The lady laughs as she picks up a piece of wood.
We see a chicken flapping it's wings in the background.
The lady finishes and throws her hands in the air.
A young child is seen speaking to the camera and begins climbing across a set of monkey bars.
She makes it to the other side smiling to the camera and then climbs down afterwards.
A man is seen pulling shades off of a window and removing the bars around the sides.
Another man assists him by putting newer bars into the window as well as cutting the boards so they fit.
In the end the camera pans around the new roof showing off it's great results.
A group of men are playing instruments outside a building.
Two men crouch in front of each other as they play.
The men jump up, and begin doing martial arts moves around each other, simulating kicks and flips.
A large group is inside a raft on a river.
A man in a kayak is next to them.
They float into the rapids, trying to go through them.
A man is riding a surfboard in the ocean.
He stands up on the board during a wave.
He surfs through the wave, weaving in and out.
We see two people in a studio.
We then see a man in a bowling alley speaking to the camera with a man in a bowling pin costume.
The man then interviews a man in a black jacket.
We see the bowling pin throw a green bowling ball.
The newscaster then throws a blue ball down the lane and another ball at the bowling pin mascot who falls over.
We then see a split screen with the pin running behind the newscaster and the people in the studio in the upper left corner.
The pin throws a ball at the newscaster, and we return to the studio.
A man stands by a row of hedges.
He then begins to trim them with sheers.
He trims the top of a bush.
Several different groomed bushes are shown.
