A little boy playing on a jungle gym.
He is climbing up a set of stairs.
Now is sliding fast down a slide.
Another boy is shown playing in the grass.
Now the first boy is being picked up by a woman.
Now he is going to go down the slide once again.
The boy likes playing with a large wheel on the playground.
Once again he goes down the slide, but with dad right behind him.
He goes down the slide a 4th time but with another little boy.
He goes down the slide several more times.
The video begins with details of a field hockey team's victory in the final championship game.
The stadium shows the two teams competing in the game hockey.
The crowd is loudly cheering as one team becomes victorious.
The players jump on each other with joy as they celebrate.
There is a stage of singers performing live music as they celebrate the victory of the winning team.
A man is opening his back door to let a little girl outside.
The man is following the little girl.
A little girl walks and points toward the camera.
A dog enters the scene and the little girl jumps with happiness.
The little girl walks around her slide.
The little girl starts to climb up the slide and the man helps her get to the top.
The little girl begins to play with the wheel and gets on her knees.
The man helps the little girl go down the slide.
The little girl goes to the swing and the man helps her into it.
The little girl points at the camera.
The man pushes the little girl on the swing.
Four men are playing dodge ball in an indoor court.
They start running towards the red balls after the coach blows the whistle.
One of the players hits the ball on his opponent.
The opponent strikes back at the other player, but he manages to dodge the ball.
Next, the player hits another ball directly at his opponent standing opposite him.
The player hits the ball hard on his opponent's leg.
They continue playing several rounds of dodge ball.
The player aims directly at one of his opponents and hits him on his leg.
The game ends after the coach blows the whistle.
A girl is stretching her body on a ballet bar.
An instructor stands with a woman and talks about ballet.
The girl dances and pans back to the instructor.
The instructor talks about the tools you will need for ballet.
She talks about various ballet moves to do at the barre while the dancer demonstrates.
A man is shoveling snow off his driveway in a heavy snow storm.
He is wearing winter clothing and his fully covered.
Another man is also shoveling snow off of he walkway of the house is not wearing any winter gear.
They both continue to shovel and clean the snow in the heavy snow storm.
young man is playing the harmonica.
young man introduces his video lesson and lays out the lesson plan.
Musical notes are displayed onscreen while harmonica plays.
A man is demonstrating how to cook a friend bologna sandwich in his kitchen.
He takes two slices of sandwich bread and puts them in the toaster.
Then he takes a little butter and bologna in a frying pan and fries it.
He flips the bologna to fry it on both sides.
Then he takes two slices of American cheese.
He takes the bologna out of the pan and places it on the toast along with the cheese slices.
He shows the finished sandwich with the bologna and cheese.
A small girl is making cookies with her mother in her kitchen.
She wants her mom to pretend that she is Santa Claus.
The laughs and rolls the cookie dough on the cutting board.
The mother opens the oven and puts the tray full of cookie dough into the oven for baking.
The mother then takes the cookie cutter and makes some more cookies for baking, Then both mother and daughter go through the cookie recipe as they place the cookie dough on the tray.
After the cookies are baked, they decorate the cookies with sprinkles and frosting.
The girl proudly shows the finished cookie after it's done.
A young man is talking to the camera outside while taking puffs off of a hookah.
He puts the pipe away and takes a swing out of an energy drink.
He moves the camera to show another man and continues smoking the hookah next to the other man.
Both look into the camera while smoking and the boy still continues drinking the energy drink.
Two young boys are at a sink.
One of the boys has no hands.
He is washing the dishes.
The other boy helps him clean.
A furniture renovation company advertises their services by showing several homes and tools they have worked on and use and what type of work they do.
A man in an apron carefully puts a colored substance on a plate.
The man mixes two of the different colored substances with a paint brush.
The man carefully touches the paint brush to an old table coloring portions of the table that have been damaged.
A different man in an apron and face mask sands an old table.
The man then puts polish on a rag and polishes the table.
The man polishes a different old table.
Information on how to reach the restoration company is displayed.
Several men are blowing leaves in front of a home.
One man is going all throughout the yard to blow the leaves.
He clears out in front of the home.
He also clears out by the shed.
Another man is shown wandering through the yard.
A man with a beard is playing on a green drum.
The man starts adding in a second drum to the mix.
A third drum is added to the drumming mix.
A woman is in a kitchen talking about how to make lemonde.
She presents various ingredients that you need to have.
She blends all the juices together into a grinder to make a mixture.
She then pours the mixture into a glass and drinks the juice.
A person in blue pants is raking some fallen leaves from the ground.
There is a black dog and a white dog jumping around the person raking the leaves.
The white dog is trying to bite off the rake.
Both the dogs are playing around the man raking the leaves, trying to bite the rake.
The person is moving the rake in circles as the dogs are jumping around him.
A woman in track pants and her daughters wash a small dog with soap and water in a bucket on a patio.
A woman uses a cup to pour water on the dog to remove the soap.
An inflatable ball bounces on the grass as kids watch playing a game.
A young boy in blue shirt and jeans retrieves the ball and runs towards the group.
A boy in red jacket holds a window scraper tool and remove snow from a car windshield.
The boy turns the tool and uses the edge corner edge briefly.
The boy continues to scrape the windshield as before with the broad side of the tool.
Group play the bongos while a young woman dances.
A couple walks past the group.
The drummer gives the camera a thumbs up gesture.
Lots of people pass in the background.
A small group are looking on at the musicians.
The dancer poses with 2 other women.
A person is seen cutting up various fruits while also seen speaking to the camera.
The person mixes various ingredients into a container of water.
The person spins around the container in the end.
Lemons are thrown onto a counter and glasses of lemon-aid appear with ice in mason jars on the counter as well.
Lemons are then rolled around against the counter back and forth evenly with the palm of a hand using firm pressure.
The lemons are scraped back and forth against a metal food grater to get the zest off of them leaving the skin of the lemon in a bowl.
Water is added into a saucepan along with sugar, and then the lemon zest that was extracted with the metal shredder is added to the water as well.
The lemons are cut and juiced over a glass bowl and then the juice is poured through a strainer along with the sugar water with zest that was previously mixed in the saucepan.
The mixture is stirred with added water and ice is then added.
Two men are seen sitting on a couch watching tv and speaking back and fourth to one another.
Another walks into frame speaking and holding a drink and the two men continue speaking to one another.
The tile screen shows up with some names.
A man starts throwing a shot-put several different times as names scroll at the bottom.
A group can be seen behind watch him.
A man is behind the last one thrown.
A lady named Linda, creator of Paint Along is demonstrating how to do an acrylic painting.
She starts with a one inch flat brush and yellow and white acrylic paint.
She makes X patterns across the canvas with the yellow color.
She continues the same pattern on the top part of the canvas.
Then she draws straight lines across the canvas with an orange color.
She then takes a liner brush to do some finer detailing on the painting such as branches of a tree.
She takes a flatter brush to demonstrate a dabbing technique with excess paint to show flower petals.
She ends the video with the abstract painting technique.
A news reporter is talking about a local fund raiser held by a nursery school.
There are several people gathered to support the cause.
There is a lemonade stand set up where people are purchasing lemonade to donate money for a cause.
One of the parents is talking to the news reporter about the fund raiser.
Three more parents are standing are chatting as they sip lemonade.
A picture the girl, Hannah is shown for whom the fund raiser was held.
A woman is giving instructions on how to install and adjust a saddle on a bike.
She uses a Allen key wrench to loosen up the bolt.
Then she demonstrates how she can move the saddle after she loosens it.
She hits it with her hand to push the jammed saddle.
Then she shows how to adjust the saddle by moving it back and forth.
She later demonstrates how to remove the saddle off.
She puts the new one on and then uses tools to tighten it back on.
She uses a screwdriver to tighten the screws and adjust the level.
She then shows another saddle and demonstrates how to tighten the bolts to adjust the level of the saddle.
She shows how to tighten the bolt to make sure the saddle fits snugly.
This is a tutorial on how to start a campfire.
It shows the campfire burning on the ground.
It starts with the things you will need to begin with.
A designated place and some rocks arranged in a circle to create a pit.
Some crumpled newspaper and a lighter along with a bucket of water.
A man begins demonstrating how to place the newspaper and twigs on top of that.
He then creates a pyramid shaped structure.
He takes his lighter and lights the newspaper in several places to start the fire.
The bonfire starts burning and continues to burn.
He adds a few more twigs to keep the flames burning.
A beautiful young woman holding a violin in hand begins to motion back and forth against the strings with the bow to play a song that she has practiced.
The nicely dressed woman in black with white sleeves continues playing and smiling intermittently while eloquently holding down different chords and notes in the corner of the room next to a piano dancing back and forth as she plays.
The woman stops playing and smiles once more before walking out of view of the camera putting the violin down and ending the song.
A person in dark winter gear is using a shovel to shovel the walkway of a parking garage.
It is night time and the street is dimly lit with the street lights.
He continues shoveling the entire pathway while several cars drive by on the main road nearby.
He picks up the up snow and piles it up on the corner.
After he finishes, he walks away.
The video stats explaining how to make Omelette muffins.
She shows the ingredients and tell what to set the oven to.
She mixes everything together and stirs it up with seasoning.
She then puts it into the tray and into the oven to bake.
Afterward she takes it out and shows the finished product.
A middle eastern news caster is talking about a recent event in another language.
The scene switches to show group of people at an event of some kind.
The people at the event are shown polishing shoes.
A man in a red shirt is being interviewed while it shows others at the event on the split screen.
The scene switches back to just the event with the newscaster talking over the footage.
Lemonade is seen being poured into a glass and a woman pouring out water.
She mixes ingredients into a container and pours out more water.
In the she she shows off her lemonade.
Two children twirl on a tire swing.
Another child is swinging in another swing set.
A very small child runs through the play area.
A person wearing a blue shirt is sitting on the floor welding.
He is wearing protective gear to cover his face and eyes.
He also has protective gloves on that are brown in color.
He continues welding a long metal rod with welding tool directed towards the rod.
A man wearing a white hat is demonstrating how to make a Caribbean drink.
He shows a bowl filled with citrus fruits.
He takes a lemon juicer and some lemons and limes and oranges.
He then juices the oranges and lemon on the juicer.
He then empties the juice a large cocktail bowl.
He adds rum to the juice along with some vanilla extract.
He also mixes in sugar and rum and whisks the drink.
He finally adds a bowl full of water and stirs it well.
He pours the beverage in cocktail glasses and places it on the kitchen counter.
A surfer wearing a wet suit takes off and rides a wave in the ocean.
Two surfers is greeted by a seal in the ocean that jumps on his board and plays with them.
The surfer wearing a wet suit takes off on a wave leaving the seal behind.
A pair of dancer begins preforming at the latin dance cup.
The woman shows off cleavage.
The dancers begin spinning around each other.
The dancers begin to preform seperately.
The dancers begins moving again together for a big finish.
The tile screen plays with a picture of a long field.
A man walks up with a disk and a dog hold onto it as he passes a few people.
The man starts playing with the dog by throwing the think and having him bring it back.
He then claps for the dog.
The credits roll at the end.
A young girls is using a trowel on a wall and siting on the floor.
She stands and wipes her trowel clean with a brush.
She returns to the wall work.
She stands and points and the wall.
She she wipes the brush on the trowel again.
She smooths the wall again.
The girls uses a the brush to clean her tool.
She wipes the wall again, then cleans her brush again twice.
We are show the top of the wall and the girl as she works.
A man is seen kneeling down on a roof and speaking to the camera.
The camera pans all around the roof while the man is seen sitting and still speaking.
The camera pans all around the roof and shows the man still sitting.
The video shows a canopy representing the Eastern Mountain Sports event.
Several players are getting ready for the sporting event in an outdoor setting on a bright sunny day.
There is a boy balancing on a tight rope.
There are several other contestants walking on the tight rope.
Several people watch the contestants perform.
Two people are playing with a Frisbee as one person walks on the rope.
A girl and boy try the tight rope together.
There are people enjoying themselves on a hammock.
The end credits thank the people and organizers of the event.
A man walks up and picks up a weight.
He lifts it up to his shoulders and then over his head.
A person stands up and puts his fist in the air.
Another man next to him picks up a weight and lifts it over his head.
The men shake hands before walking off.
Various cupcakes are shown sitting on a plate and lettering comes up stating how to make them.
Several ingredients are shown and the person mixing the ingredients together in a bowl.
The person blends all the ingredients and puts them in a pan to cook.
The cupcakes are finally cooked and set out on a plate to enjoy.
A group of cheerleaders are wearing dark red, white and black uniforms standing in formation getting ready to do their routine, and the words below on the screen say "Mill Creek HS Class AAAAA".
The cheerleaders begin their routine and it includes a lot of jumping, cheering, flipping, either in sync or separetly, throwing and catching other cheerleaders, and many other moves.
They end their routine, cheer themselves on and 2 women from the audience run up and hug some of the cheerleaders.
A man competes in a strong man competition and stands on a log chopping it with an ax in hand.
The man finally splits the log below his feet.
A second man in the competition in vest picks up and drops a large spherical weight on a tire repeatedly.
A A man in red steps onto a log and receives an ax by a referee.
A woman is seen with seen wearing a tanktop with introduction text.
The woman have hair tied back and applies eye make up to eyes using various brushes and colors.
The woman begins to puts eye liner on with a fine pencil.
The women takes cloth ties out of here hair and lets her hair down which is now curled.
The woman uses a comb and hairspray to straighten parts of here hair then ties it back.
Messages of tex are shown on the end of the video.
Two small children are playing on a swingset on a snow covered yard.
One child runs over to a swingset, but decides to change over to a green swing.
An adult helps the child onto the swing.
The other child also wants to join the first child on the same swing, and holds the swing steady while the child climbs on.
The child is able to climb on, and the two children enjoy swinging together as the adult pushes the swing forward.
Team of Bolivian bowlers get ready to start bowling by practicing a technique taught by Jason Belmont by putting two fingers in the holes and using two hands to spin the ball.
The young amateur players begin to bowl using the two handed technique.
The president of the Bowling Federation Marcelo Garafulic is introduced.
The announcer begins explaining how the team of Bolivian bowlers are training and more practice is shown.
Garafulic starts to explain clinics and the medals they have won breaking perfect games.
The bowlers are shown practicing once again.
The video instructor, Stephanie is talking about a hair tutorial.
She is demonstrating how to cut long hair on men.
Her model is seated in a chair next to her as she combs his wet hair.
She shows how the hair is parted and sectioned before cutting the hair She uses scissors to point cut the tips of the model's hair.
She continues the procedure on the model's hair.
She then explains how to blow dry the hair to get the finished look on the model.
She finally gives information about her website.
A list of ingredients is shown written in a list.
Glass bowls are set on a counter with various ingredients for a dish.
A person measures and cuts parchment paper using a cooking tin as a guide.
The person measures ingredients in a glass bowl then adds them to an electric mixer to blend.
The person brushes on oil to the parchment paper then sets it into a cooking tin.
The tins are added to an oven to cook.
The tins are shown fully cooked and then flipped over to empty cake onto table.
The parchment paper is peeled off the cake.
The cake is sliced into loaves with a serrated knife.
The cake is seen on plates for serving.
A man in red stands on a stage.
He lifts a barbell over his head.
He drops the barbell on the ground.
Several people cheer him on.
There is a garden with many trees and shrubs.
There is a man using a hedging and trimming equipment trimming the bushes.
Another man is giving instructions on lawn and garden care.
The man climbs up a tall ladder to trim the trees and bushes several times.
He goes around the entire side to trim the hedges.
The instructor continues talking about the gardening process, The man trims the hedges that form a barrier near a house.
The instructor explains the process again to the viewers.
The scene changes to a strange looking statue in a busy city and ends with a thank you for watching message.
There is a group of marching band students playing the trumpets.
They are dressed in maroon and yellow colored uniforms and white hats.
There are some students playing the drums and some students playing the trumpet.
They continue playing the band as they march along the streets.
A boy holds a guitar in a room.
He is sitting on a bed.
He begins to play the guitar.
Eventually he finishes the song.
A large group of people are standing together while a women in a beautiful dress speaks.
Various people in costume are shown and a girl runs around playing with a kite.
Several kites are shown up in the air while other children play with them.
Hundreds of kites are shown in the air for a festival and a man interviews his experience with the kites.
Several people stop and look around and the city pans over the night.
There two women boxers competing in kickboxing against each other in a boxing event.
The referee is standing next to them.
There are several spectators watching the boxers compete.
After the referee gives a go, the contestants begin the match.
The crowd cheers for them as they compete.
The boxer in the black uniform punches the boxer in red and makes her fall down.
The boxer in red kicks her opponent.
The boxer in black strikes back at her opponent and the boxer in red punches her face.
The referee declares the boxer in black as the winner and crowd applauds her victory.
We see a bowler in front of a crowd stand and hold the ball.
the bowler throws a strike and the crowd claps, a lady holds her hands in front of her face and the bowler wipes his hands.
The man throws another strike and falls.
He rises from the ground as the crowd claps.
the man throws a third strike and is seen laying on the ground.
He gets up and shakes the hand of men around and we see a lady holding her hands in front of her face.
We then see an older man talking alone in a room.
A man is sitting on a revolving chair with his one leg folded over the other.
Another man takes a cloth and begins cleaning his black leather shoes with a cloth to make it shiny.
He cleans the shoe with a back and forth motion.
A group of girls are dancing along a ledge.
Each girl dances on the ledge gracefully.
The screen fades away to black.
Two men enter the racquetball room.
The two men start playing racquetball, running around the room trying to hit the ball.
A man leaved the room and looks into the camera.
An intro comes into the screen for a video about removing mulch.
A man digs his heel into the base of a tree to push away the mulch.
He gets down on his knees and begins to remove the mulch by hand by pushing it further from the base of the tree.
He takes out some clippers and clips some of the roots.
Last, the video ends with the closing captions.
A close up a girl smiling and pointing to her face is shown followed by a pair of pliers piercing her inner lip.
The piercer pushes the scissor through her lip while she holds it up and presents the piercing in the end.
Three men are seen walking in slow motion while another girl walks into frame and the group grab tubes from a pile.
The people speak to the camera and are then seen sitting in the tubes and floating down a river.
The people continuously ride down the river while bobbing back and fourth and are then seen sitting on a bus and speaking to one another.
A man is seen sitting in front of a camera holding a harmonica in his hands.
The man then begins playing several songs while pausing in between.
He continues playing the instrument while looking off into the distance.
A group of young men are seated at tables at a rubiks cube competition.
An official removes a slip of paper from a rubiks cube sitting in front of a young man at the end of a table after which the competitor solves the cube and celebrates by banging his hands on the table.
An official lifts a cup to reveal a rubiks cube that the same man then solves.
A young man wearing a beige shirt solves a cube and presses his hands to his face before standing up.
An official removes a piece of paper from on top of a cube as the young man in the black sweatshirt solves another cube.
The young man solves two more cubes in front of an official before moving to get up.
A man is holding a pocket knife while sitting on some rocks in the wilderness.
Then he takes a small stone from the flowing river and smashes it on another stone.
He starts to crush the small stone to smaller pieces.
He grind it hard to make the pieces smaller.
Then he takes a piece of bark and rubs the powered stone pieces onto it.
The stone particles stick to the wet piece of wood.
He then takes the knife and sharpens it against the wood piece.
He then notices a little black and green poisonous frog sitting next to him.
The frog then escapes and jumps away.
He explains how the frog secretes a poisonous fluid that can be extremely harmful.
A foreman wear blue colored gloves before he begins welding metal.
He continues welding the metal with his torch and protective gear on.
He welds the metal for a very long time.
Then switches off the welding torch and puts the equipment away.
A woman is playing music on a stereo in a busy city.
Another woman is standing on the sidewalk with headphones.
They both smile at each other as they groove to the music.
The woman picks up the stereo and starts walking.
The other woman follows her on the same sidewalk.
They walk together holding the stereo.
A man in a red shirt starts dancing next to a car with another woman.
They join the woman walking with the stereo in her hand.
Several other people join them as they walk and dance to the music.
All the people break into a synchronized dance right on the street.
A man mounts a pommel horse and starts spinning.
A gymnast in the background falls mid performance.
The main performer dismounts and throws his arms in the air.
The main performer walks away.
A woman appears and disappears under the water as she swims in an olympic sized pool.
She is seen swimming in a fishlike manner under the water.
She displays several different swimming styles and moves.
A shot of the movie Forest Gump is shown with the man playing ping pong in several shots and him laughing in the end.
More clips are shown of the actors playing with one another and a man showing the footage on a computer while speaking to the camera.
Tom Hanks is interviewed several times about the event and then sits down in the end while playing.
A woman is bathing two white colored puppies in an orange tub filled with water.
She is joined by a man wearing a wrist watch, who helps the woman bathe the two puppies.
One of the puppies tries to step out of the tub and the man holds him and puts him back in.
The woman continues washing the puppies.
Two army men in the their uniforms are tied together and pulling each other in opposite direction as part of their training.
There is a crowd of army officers watching them cheering for them as they do the strength training exercise.
The game is over after one of the army officer's drags the other officer on the ground and wins the game.
Several bicycle racers dressed in motocross suits and wearing helmets are lined up at the start line, waiting to race.
The race begins, and all bikers race down a hill, toward a jump.
The bikers jump off a hill, but one of the bikers, dressed in red and black, tumbles to the ground.
The biker immediately behind him, dressed in red, white and blue, tries to avoid the fallen biker, and falls to the ground as well.
The other bikers race off.
The biker in black and red immediately trots off the track, while the biker in red, white and blue, is clearly injured and struggles to get to his knees.
Three men dressed in black jackets come to the aid of the first biker.
A young man in blue t-shirt walks through small dance studio room.
The young man sets his stereo down on a chair.
The man young man warms up and does a one handed handstand.
The man does a break dance routine doing hand stands and spins.
End credits are shown with names written in cursive.
A woman reporting is speaking to a camera with a serious demeanor.
A man unzips his violin from the bag and plays a little bit for the camera while the reporter commentates.
He begins to struggle playing with his condition, and shows surgery on how to fix him.
The reporter claims that the man is better than ever and shows his progress playing a violin in a show.
A man wearing a dark blue shirt and sporting a braid begins playing the bongos.
He begins drumming on the bongos to a beat as he shakes his head rhythmically.
He continues drumming on the bongos alternating between the two drums.
He plays for some time and then stops drumming on the bongos.
A big green garbage can is pushed up against a brick wall and a reindeer jumps out drinking from a coffee cup.
The reindeer continues to drink out of the coffee cup and eventually falls out of over the garbage can.
A man and woman are talking to a camera on exercises.
The girl talks about equipment and how to use it.
She prepares the equipment and helps the man perform the exercise.
A gymnast wearing a magenta leotard is performing on the horse bar.
There is a panel of judges sitting across from her and evaluating her.
She stands up straight on the bar and does a twist and pummel.
She continues to successfully do front flips on the horse bar.
She completes her round after she jumps off of the horse bar doing a back flip.
Then the gymnast walks away from the performing area.
Two boys are out in the yard playing ball.
One stands in front of the net and passes to the other with lacrosse sticks.
The boys continue passing the ball bath and fourth to each other.
One boy throws the ball out into the road while the other runs after it.
Another boy comes in with a wig and the boys start wrestling each other.
The boys then pretend the beat the boy with the wig up.
The boys all continue wrestling each other while grabbing the objects and running away.
The lady in black is doing a hairstyle tutorial and demonstrating on another woman who is seated next to her.
She shows the hairspray that she has used on the model.
She uses the hairspray on the model's hair and sprays it.
She then takes a pair of scissors and cuts the rubber band off and spray her hair again.
She pulls her braid apart and rubs her fingers over it.
She then twists the braid and pins it up on the model's head.
She twists it again and tightens it up and secures it with a pin again.
She also makes a bun out of the braid to complete the hairstyle.
She shows the hairspray bottle again that she has used on the model.
A logo is shown with water drop sounds playing in the background.
A man is then shown wearing scubba gear and giving various hand signals to the camera.
The water sounds still play and the man shows you various moves and what they mean under water.
The logo then reappears on the screen and the video ends.
A man is talking about making a spicy pasta dish.
The man takes sausage and cooks it in a pan.
Parsley is added to the sausage.
White wine is added to the mixture.
Heavy cream is added to the meat along with a jar of marinara sauce.
Water is shown boiling in the pot.
Pasta and sauce are mixed together in the pot.
The final pasta is added to a bowl and Parmesan cheese is added.
A woman is using a pink brush to brush her teeth.
She is brushing very fast and vigorously.
She is brushing her upper and lower teeth.
She sticks her tongue out to clean the toothpaste.
She checks her teeth to see if they're clean enough.
While she continues brushing, she opens her mouth.
Some of the toothpaste falls down.
She starts brushing her tongue thoroughly.
Then she continues brushing her upper and lower teeth again.
She then sticks her tongue out and scrapes it against her teeth.
She spits out some toothpaste.
Some of the toothpaste falls on her chin making it look like a white beard.
She pretends to be Santa Claus and says, ho, ho, Merry Christmas.
Then she laughs as she shows her teeth with a wide smile.
An introduction for a canoe sporting brand appears on the screen.
Several people are shown preparing to get their canoes into the water on a snowy day.
Several other people get off of a bus and head toward the water.
People are then shown doing several canoe an skiing training exercises.
Then, in the water, people are shown canoeing and having fun.
The video ends with the canoesport website displayed.
Several shots of landscapes are shown that pan back from people standing on a bridge.
Shots are shown of people jumping off the side of the bridge while the camera captures more landscapes.
Several more people are seen lined up watching that lead into more people jumping off the side.
Maria is demonstrating how to make a Nyquil cocktail drink.
She shows the ingredients required for the drink.
She points to vodka, jagermeister and food coloring.
She then takes a shaker and pours and vodka and the jagermeister.
Then adds some ice in it and shakes it.
She uses a strainer to strain the drink into a cocktail glass and places the glass on the table.
An intro begins for DX sports and shows two men skating down a road.
The continue riding down the road while the camera follows them close behind down the winding road.
The men eventually get to a car and their ride down the long road.
Several players from the black and white team are playing ice hockey in the arena.
One of the players from the black team hits the puck away from his opponent.
The players from the white team try to prevent him from hitting a goal.
An animated version of the game is shown on screen.
Then the focus is back on the real game where a black team player is highlighted as he takes a shot on the goal.
Again, another animated example is shown to explain how the game works.
The black team player hits the puck on the opposite corner of the ice.
As the black moves fast and towards the goal, it cause the goalie to fall down.
The black team wins the goal and gets the victory in the game.
A male bartender stands behind a bar in front of drinks and mixing cups.
The man picks up a steel sup and pours its contents of ice into a glass he holds in opposite hand.
The man then picks up a small steel shot glass and fills it with liquir.
The man then pours the liquir into from the shot glass into the glass cup with ice.
The man picks up another glass with red juice inside and pours it into the glass with ice before setting back down.
The man pours the cup with all the liquids into a mixing cup then uses it to cap and shake the mixer.
The man stops shaking and sepperates the two cups, setting them back on the counter.
The man grabs a third empty glass and moves it to the opposite side of the counter.
The man picks up the mixer and pours its contents into the empty glass before setting it back down.
The man then adds a staw and miniature umbrella into the drink for decoration before holding up the glass.
There are several people gathered in an outdoor gymnasium.
There are people standing and seated in the bleachers watching about twelve band students performing.
Most of the players are drumming on the percussion instruments in a rhythmic tune.
The percussion players begin going round in a circle as they play the instruments.
A young man lying prone on a tiled floor with this hands behind his head and his knees bent attempts to perform a sit-up in front of a few friends.
As he brings his elbows towards his knees, a loud crack can be heard as the man laughs, "That hurt my ass.
" He attempts a second sit-up and with another cracking sound, exclaims and grabs his buttocks.
The man says, "one more" and attempts another time, after which he says, "that felt horrible.
" The man struggles through nine more attempts before giving up to the amusement of his friends.
A person is shown cleaning off the outside of a car.
The car is then driven inside of a shop.
Inside a man starts detailing the car once again and cleaning off the outside.
He spray paints parts of the car.
He sprays cleaner on the inside and outside of the car.
He wipes down all surfaces from inside and outside the car.
A group of men are holding maracas in the their hands and playing to some Reggae music.
One of the men begins singing in the microphone.
The rest of the men join him in singing the chorus.
They play the maracas as they sing the song.
The men also dance as they sing and play the maracas The lead singer sings solo for some time while the others play their maracas.
Then all the men join him in singing the song while playing their maracas.
A woman is washing dishes with soap and a scrub in her kitchen sink.
She takes the scrub that is soaked in liquid soap and scrubs it on the bowl to thoroughly clean it.
She places the plates and bowls on top of each other in the sink as she washes them.
Multiple people are in an exercise class in a room with lot of mirrors at a gym, and they are dancing as well as spinning around and stepping up onto a platform.
A woman walks by the exercise room holding weights.
A woman places the weights down on the rack.
A woman walks by without holding any weights.
A bartender talks about how to make a proper cocktail.
He grabs a glass and puts ice in the glass.
He then mixes vodka and soda together in the glass.
He grabs a lemon and puts it in the glass to finish.
A player on the orange team skates with the puck until he is tripped up and falls.
Player 18 on the grey team retrieves the puck and makes a break down the ice perused by defenders.
Player 18 takes a shot on the goal.
The goalie on the orange team blocks the shot and puts the puck back into play.
Player 4 on the orange team takes the puck down the ice passing once to himself passed defenders.
Player 4 takes a shot on the goal and scores.
Player 4 and teammates celebrate and the win and skate off the ice.
The words Freestyle Swimming float across the screen.
A man jumps in the pool and swims freestyle.
The words BackStroke Style float across the screen.
The same man swims backstroke down the lane from where he came.
The words BreastStroke show up on the screen.
The man does the breaststroke back across the pool.
A lighted jack-o-lantern comes into focus.
The jack-o-lantern moves towards the camera.
A young woman is talking very animatedly in front of a white wall.
The woman holds a small pumpkin in her hand while talking.
The woman holds up a piece of paper with some stickers on it.
The pumpkin is seen moving on it's own on a table with a black tablecloth.
The pumpkin spins around showing some cartoon faces.
An animation of a knife stabs the pumpkin and a cat runs back and forth next to the table.
The pumpkin is replaced with other objects one at a time, a knife, a spoon, a candle, etc.
The woman is wearing a sticker of a mustache on her face and draws on the small pumpkin with a black felt pen.
The woman holds a knife and begins carving the pumpkin along the lines she drew.
The woman scoops out the pumpkin seeds with a spoon and puts the seeds in a Halloween themed paper cup.
The woman continues carving the face of the pumpkin to turn it into a jack-o-lantern.
The woman cleans up the face of the jack-o-lantern with a towel and places the top with the stem back on.
The woman places the candle inside the jack-o-lantern.
The woman flicks on a disposable lighter.
The lighted jack-o-lantern is seen once again moving on it's own on the black table.
The video ends and shows a split screen with samples from three other videos the woman has made, with a "Subscribe" button in the middle.
An intro starts entitled how to cut the grass.
A man walks out wearing funny attire and showing off to the camera with a lawn mower.
The man then walks around and blows the leaves off still wearing the funny outfit.
A man in a blue coat is talking outside by a rock.
He is wearing a rock climbing harness.
He begins climbing up the rock.
He has a rope around his neck with different rock climbing tools.
He gives another person a high five.
A man in a suit shows up on the screen.
The man begins to fight with another man.
The man in the suit resets his stance.
After fighting more the man in the suit resets his stance again.
After the fighting continues another man shows up in the room and escorts the man in the suit out.
A large marching band is seen walking down a street with a large group of people standing around and watching.
The people continue marching and the camera ends with a credit scene.
Multiple men are loaded onto a crane boom bucket.
When three men are safely aboard, the crane begins to lift them up in the air slowly.
Once they reach the top of the crane, the view switches and they can be seen looking over the landscape.
The man that is preparing to bungee jump is at the edge of the boom looking around nervously.
One at a time the men jump out of the boom and hang above a small body of water.
There certificate of accomplishment ends the video.
Gymnast Micah Ross mounts the balance beam before a celebrated audience as the crowd cheers and shouts her name.
Her routine begins with a flip, split, and summersault.
She then performs two backwards flips and a pirouette.
A forward flip and jump follows along with a sideways flip.
After briefly wobbling on the bar, Micah regains her composure and performs a forward summersault.
Ross successfully dismounts with a double flip to the applause of the audience.
We see an opening title screen.
A lady speaks in front of a plaza.
the lady hula hoops in short shorts and a tight shirt in a plaza and we see a timer in the upper right corner periodically.
The timer reads The lady hula hoops for 2 minutes and seventeen seconds.
The lady speaks to the camera again.
We see the ending YouTube screen.
A cheerleader girl stands in the grass.
A young man wearing baseball hat greats her with a pie tin and jokes with her.
The man pushes a pie tin in the girls face as a joke getting her very messy.
A girl in gymnastics class does tumbling down a red mat with team looking on.
A woman cheerleader boxes with a mascot during a football game.
The mascot engulfs the girl and pulls her into his uniform.
A cheer leading group comes together in a circle holding hands and flip team members when one falls to the ground.
A group of cheerleaders in black to back flips on a track of football field.
A group of girls hoist up[ a teammate to do a human pyramid.
The teammate falls to the ground and lands on top of others.
A man in Hawaiian shirt sets up a trampoline during a basketball competition.
A group of cheerleaders hold up a woman together in front of the trampoline.
The man comes back running and jumps on the trampoline but knocks the girl over while performing his stunt.
A group of cheerleaders in red do somersaults on the field when one falls down.
A cheerleader girl in black does a back hand spring and falls to the ground.
A group of cheerleaders dance together with pom poms.
Another group of cheerleaders in the background lift up teammates when one falls over.
A group of cheerleaders in blue lift up teammates in competition when one falls to the ground.
A girl in white shirt talks to the camera.
the girl does a summersault but falls to the ground.
A girl in green shirt with friends does a high kick on a field but falls to the ground.
A cheerleader falls to the ground while dancing with group.
A cheerleader is lifted up into the hands of team when she falls to the ground.
A group of cheerleaders in yellow lift temmate in a pyramid but drop her.
A group of women jump from a trampoline and do slam dunks during basketball competition.
One girl misses the trampoline and runs into the mat.
Men from the basketball team rush over to check on her.
A man wearing a blue shirt is playing the piano in a yard.
There are two elephants standing behind him.
One of the elephant is trying to play the piano with his trunk.
The man continues to play the piano in a fast pace using various keys on the piano.
He gives a big finish with the tune and then pats the elephant's trunk.
A bag of Spill Master Absorbant is shown on the screen.
A man stands in a warehouse talking to the camera and pours some liquid on the ground.
He takes a bowl of some material and sprinkled it over the spills.
He then sweeps up the material with a broom and dust pan.
A large group of people are sitting around a table and transitions into people sitting on a ski lift.
They begin taking turns riding down the snowy mountain and several shots are shown of them riding the lift and down the mountain.
There is a woman representing Jamaica participating on a long jump event.
There is another woman doing long jump from another country.
Several other contestant are participating in the same long jump competition.
There are spectators watching them as they compete against each other.
The contestant from Istanbul makes very long jump in the sand pit.
The contestants continue competing in the sporting event.
initial logo is shown and a web page.
man is in a skate park in white skates.
man is sitting in a tube and make tricks in a skate park, other man is sitting watching him.
little kid is talking to someone and watching the man in skates doing the tricks in skate park.
An older blonde newswoman is reading a story.
Various pictures are shown of shuffleboard history.
An older man is interviewed for the camera.
Various clips of people playing shuffleboard are shown.
The older blonde reporter ends the news story.
The screen shows the title of preparing a Chilean Hulte salad dish.
A person is mixing salad ingredients in a large bowl.
There is information shown about Dr.
Rachel Collin's trip to Chile.
There are several people standing under a canopy at a food market.
Two customers make a purchase and give money to the seller and give the camera a thumbs up.
The chef is showing hulte placed on a kitchen counter.
The chef is slicing the hulte in circular bite size pieces.
A woman eats the cut pieces of hulte.
The chef chops some cilantro on the kitchen counter.
Then the chef places the ingredients in a salad bowl.
The finished product is shown on screen, followed by a group of people sitting together and enjoying the salad.
The end credits are displayed on the screen.
A man in dress shirt taps his cloth on the spout of a glass container to get it damp.
The man uses his cloth wrapped around his index and middle finer to polish a shoe.
The man rubs his cloth in a shoe polish tin for more of the substance.
The man continues to polish the show around the toe of the shoe.
The man again rubs his cloth in the tin for more polish.
The man continues to polish the show around the toe of the shoe near the toe in a circular motion.
The word funkin is on the screen and underneath it says Bacardi cocktail.
A man in a funkin shirt talks about and demonstrates how to make the Bacardi cocktail from behind a bar.
The man is showing people how to make a drink in a martini glass.
The man puts ingredients in a regular glass while showing the bottles of ingredients he is using.
The word funkin is on the screen.
There are several passengers traveling in a subway train.
Two of the passengers are seated on folding chairs and they're playing drums on bongos.
They continue to play the bongos while the other passengers are busy doing their own thing.
One young boy who is seated near the players is watching them play.
The players continue playing the bongos and drumming on them.
After they stop playing, one person applauds them.
Joe Morin from Titan alloy is talking about welding aluminum.
He is doing a tutorial on how to fix aluminum.
He shows a new product called Nova, which is an electrode for cleaning dirty aluminum.
He shows two aluminum plates that are joined together for demonstration purposes.
He takes the Nova rod and shows how he can weld the two pieces together.
He begins welding the two plates of aluminum.
Then he hits the plates with a hammer and scrubs off the dust.
He shows the back side of the plates and how it is welded together.
Two men prepare for a fencing match.
The video shows several highlights of people fencing each other in various matches.
Some win the matches quite quickly.
Two men constantly go back and fourth towards each other.
The man wins over and over again.
He is shown practicing for his upcoming matches against another.
He seems to win over and over again.
A man is cleaning snow that has fallen on his car.
He is standing on the road where his car is parked.
He clears off snow from the top of his car by scraping it.
He then cleans the sides of his car.
He gives someone a thumbs up as he cleans the car.
He then moves to the front of the car to clean the windshield.
A teen skateboards in a road, then he walks with a friend holding his skateboard, then they skateboard.
A car enters the street where the teen skateboard.
A youth wearing a pink t-shirt skateboard on the street.
The teen walks holding his skateboard.
Teens skateboard in the street making tricks and turn.
After, two teens walk in the street, and then they skateboard.
The screen shows the words Shot Put Men.
Kurt Roberts, in a yellow top, throws the ball and a man rushes to measure the throw.
Kurt drinks from a Gatorade bottle.
Reese Hoffa steps up and throws the ball and a man rushes to measure the throw.
Reese adjusts his shirt and waits for his score.
Davis Storl sits and is featured on the screen.
He then throws the ball and the man rushes to measure the distance.
He is shown standing with his team and an instant replay of the throw is shown.
The score is shown on the screen.
Fans are shown doing the wave.
Cake chemistry explaining how to do a at home experiment, They give all the ingredients needed and begin to explain what they will be doing.
The start to give step by step instructions on how to mix the ingredients together.
They give very detailed information about what to do before putting them in the oven.
Once, they come out of the oven they explain the difference between all of the cakes and the different ingredients they did not put in each to see why the results were different.
A man is talking in a racquetball court.
He talks about how to pose and swing the racquet.
He demonstrates by hitting the ball back and forth against the wall.
A group of bikers stand on the start line.
Suddenly all the bikes fall from a stage.
The scene of the fall of the bikers is repeated several times.
A shirtless man is standing on porch while instructing how to build a redneck fire.
He shows a beer bottle and some other alcohol cans.
He demonstrates a campfire that he has set up in a pit.
There are three men standing near the campfire pit to demonstrate step three.
One of the men picks up a gasoline can and ours some of it into the campfire pit.
Another man lights the bonfire up to start the fire.
The bonfire continues burning as the fireworks crackle in the pit.
One of the instructors comes back and point to the redneck campfire.
Some white text on a black background explains that no humans were injured during this video.
A young man is making some faces to the camera while standing in front of a rock.
Some footage plays of other people tight rope walking and doing other tricks on the tight rope.
An older man is riding a tiny bicycle inside a store.
More footage is shown of tight rope walkers tripping and falling.
Some graphics from the organizations who made the video are shown.
A person is seen sitting in front of a desk holding a guitar in his hands.
The man then begins playing the instrument moving his hands up and down.
The person continues playing on the guitar and looking off into the distance.
A young girl is demonstrating how to do a braid in layered hair.
She begins by brushing her hair down.
Then she brings all of her hair to her right side and starts braiding the hair on a single braid.
She then takes a hair tie and ties it around the bottom of her braid.
She takes some hair gel out of an orange container and uses it on the tips of her braid to smoothen the hair.
She further braids the bottom part of her braid till the end and ties another hair tie around it.
Then she takes a bobby pin and pins the short hair in the front to back of her head.
She secures the pin into her hair and waves good bye.
The scene comes into focus showing the outside of a building, with some text at the bottom that says it is a school for breakdancing.
A man is doing some paperwork while some other men are standing in the background next to a projector screen.
A large number of kids inside a gym are practicing breakdancing.
The kids are inside a classroom watching a presentation by the man seen earlier.
The kids are seen once again inside the gym practicing their breakdancing moves.
The screen goes black and a graphic appears on screen showing the company's logo and youtube channel information.
Various people are shown smiling into a camera and being interviewed about a question.
Several other questions are asked to the same people as well as shots of people doing activities around the beach on a string.
We see the title over a landscape.
People are playing instruments in a field.
We then see men practicing martial arts.
A man kicks another  man to the ground.
We see a man toss another man over his back.
A man does a flip, then does a back flip.
We see the people playing instruments again.
130 We see words appear on the screen, and the end credits appear.
A swimmer is shown putting on his goggles and spreading his hands out before he dives into a pool.
A side view of the man is shown as he does the side stroke underneath the water.
The male continues to swim and several techniques of his are highlighted such as the way his hand is cuffed and the position of his legs.
Man does acrobatic moves down a mat.
Another man is running down a mat in the background.
Several replays of acrobatic moves occurs.
Young man runs and hugs what looks to be his coach.
Another set of replays occur.
Words go across the screen directing people to social media and websites.
A young man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into him throwing darts onto a board.
He holds his hands up in excitement as the camera zooms in on the darts.
A camera shoots various shots all around a city and shoe store.
Hundreds of people are walking around an area and checking out shoes.
A man talks to a woman about what shoes she likes to wear.
People are dancing and enjoying the event together.
There is food being eaten at the event by many.
Several runners are getting ready to start a race.
The race begins and people run very fast.
Several people get interviewed during the race.
The man who wins the race comes across the finish line.
Several more people are shown finishing.
The video shows a slow motion of three people playing Foosball.
There are two people standing on one side and a single player on the other side.
They continue playing Foosball with each other.
A car is traveling through snow covered roads and trees before arriving at a cabin.
The people put on skis and are shown going down the hills, skiing.
They continue skiing, waving at the camera and showing a final panoramic view as the video ends.
A woman is scared of going in the water and says she cant do this.
A group of people are sitting in a pool of water that is precariously close to the edge of a waterfall.
The woman jumps in the water and everyone cheers.
The group of people are laughing and talking while more people jump in the water.
Scenes of the waterfall are viewed.
A man is doing Tai Chi moves on a beach alone in front of the sun.
A group of people all dressed in white joins the man on the beach and does the martial arts moves.
The man is alone again doing the moves.
The people are with the man doing Tai Chi back on the beach.
The man is alone on a hill doing the moves.
The man is back on the beach doing the moves as the sun begins to set.
The people are doing the moves with him on the beach.
Words come across the screen.
A man rides a four wheeler in a field.
The man stands up on the four wheeler and hits his break lights to inspect a target.
A man holding a bow and arrow is talking and demonstrating features on the bow he's holding.
A website scrolls across the screen while the man fires the bow at a target.
The camera then zooms in on the target.
The website scrolls across the screen again and the man fires three more arrows.
The screen changes to gray and the man shows the brand of bow is a Bowtech.
A coach is training a boy and a girl to do kickboxing.
There is a woman standing in a purple shirt, filming the coach teach the kids.
Both the girl and the boy are taking turns in returning the punches and kicks to the coach.
The coach is encouraging the students to constantly punch and return the kicks.
A large off-roading truck drives by along a dirt track next to a body of water and comes to a stop.
Many spectators approach the vehicle, while the driver climbs out of the vehicle and attempts to remove a tire from the back of the truck.
A worker and some assistants approaches the vehicle with a spare tire, and some men begin to jack up the rear of the truck to try to replace the rear passenger side tire.
While the tire is being replaced, the driver climbs back into the truck, and a specator takes a picture of the vehicle.
Other spectators come to the driver side to talk with the driver.
The tire is replaced and the truck drives off.
A detailed look at the tire that was replaced is shown.
A man combs his beard in front of a mirror in his bathroom.
The man reaches down to pick up sizzors then trims his mustache.
The man picks up lotion which he applies to his neck.
The man picks up a package of razors and assembles them into his steel razor gadget.
The man uses his razor to trim his face and beard.
The man picks up a package and applies a product to his face.
The man uses a towel to wipe down his face.
the man picks up a bottle of oil from the counter and applies it to his beard.
A young boy holds a dish scrub as he speaks.
He turns to the sink behind him where there are dishes sitting in water.
He drops the scrub into the sink and lays a glass down.
He grabs a towel and cleans the glass and moves on to scrub the glass as well.
He puts down the scrub and grabs the glass to place it in the right side of the sink where he wets the glass and puts it away in the dish rack.
He moves to grab the towel and clean a dish.
He soaks the dish in water and moves it to the dish rack.
He returns to use the towel and clean a knife.
He soaks the knife in the water and moves it to the dish rack, the boy goes back to clean a fork with the towel.
He moves the fork to the water to rinse soap off it.
The young boy stands in front of camera, speaking.
A person is pressing buttons on an oven.
A girl pours ingredients into a bowl together.
She mixes the ingredients using a mixer then puts more ingredients in the bowl.
The mixes again and finally puts another small amount of ingredients in the bowl.
She mixes a third time and adds chocolate chips, finally mixing one more time.
The oven peeps and she prepares a pan with cookie dough.
She puts the dough into the oven and presses bake options.
After several minutes she takes out the pan and spread the cookies out.
A graphic shows on the screen for a website about basketball drills.
Some young men on an indoor basketball court are shown doing some of the basketball drills.
An older man begins explaining the drills while more footage is shown of the players demonstrating them.
The screen goes black and more text reminds the viewer to visit the website for more information.
A group of people are in a high school gym.
Males are partnered with females and they are holding hands.
Now they are all dancing the same dance.
It appears to be some sort of tango dance.
The men are twirling the girls around their hands.
The men are leading the girls in the dance.
The girls are twirling around the boys.
The dancing continues for many more moments.
The girls and boys separate.
The girls twirl scarfs around, then the boys pick them up to finish.
A small group of people are seen standing on a field holding onto a rope.
A man stands in front as the group begins pulling the rope to one side.
The people continue pulling until one falls down afterwards.
We see a baby spining in a room with adults watching.
An adult dances with the baby.
Two adults hold the babies hands and dance.
The baby is twirled in a circle.
The baby is twirled again.
The baby dances alone again.
The baby picks up a toy dog and dances with it.
Two professional bikers are biking at the Peckham BMX Club.
The bikers are going over a curbed surface at full speed.
There are several other bikers doing the same activity on another curved surface.
There are five bikers wearing helmets standing ready to start a race.
They begin racing at high speed over a curved road.
Two more batches of racers start the same race.
A single biker is going through the curved road at very high speed.
In the snow, various young men perform snowboard tricks before the camera.
A man in a blue sweatshirt jumps down a staircase.
A young man in a black outfit performs a double trick by grinding down one railing and jumping down a staircase.
A man in a purple sweatshirt grinds down a staircase railing.
A man in a purple and black striped sweatshirt jumps down a staircase.
The man in the blue sweatshirt grinds down a railing and lands stylishly on the floor.
A cartoon animation is shown with various hands and lobsters and demonstrating how to play rock paper scissors.
More text is shown as well as hands and animals and shows steps on how to play the game.
There are several men playing tug of war on a sandy ground that is surrounded by mountains.
They continue pulling the rope with force.
Several spectators are watching them and cheering them as they continue to play.
The players continue to pull the rope with concentration.
Finally the victorious team raises their hands up and cheer and dance around in a circle.
A lady discusses and folds a towel.
The lady washes her face with a powder from a box.
The lady rinses her face and use a towel to dry up.
A man squats down and lifts a bar of weights in a gym.
He throws the bar down and it crashes into the floor and takes a deep breath.
The title shows as a man ride a horse through an arena.
There is then a showcase of horses jumping over obstacles.
One of the pictures rotates around in a circle and the next video squeezes in on itself.
It continues to show horse jumping over obstacles with video effects.
A man walks side my side with with partner.
The credits role with some praise.
People are playing soccer in an indoor soccer arena.
Two of the men hug on the court.
A person kicks a ball into the goal.
A large Christmas tree is sitting in a room.
A man and woman are putting lights on the Christmas tree.
A dog is walking around the Christmas tree.
A man and a woman are standing in front of the camera and a woman shows how to properly perform the tango.
She moves her feet in arms in a particular motion while the man does the same from a different angle.
The man and woman finally piece together their instructions and perform the tango moves together.
People are playing and swimming in a pool.
a girl does a back flip off a board.
Two wrestlers are seen hunches over in a ring with one running over to the other.
One wrestler grabs the other and flips him over his shoulders, then a ref hits the side to tap out.
A woman is bathing a white and brown puppy dog in a bathtub.
the woman is using a hand held shower to wash the dog.
The woman is holding the dog with its two front legs.
She continues to wash the dog with the shower.
The screen shows Transworld Snowboarding at Keystone, Colorado.
It displays the fundamentals of snowboarding by Jack Mitrani.
A person wearing a green hoodie and a hat is talking about the essentials required for snowboarding.
He is demonstrating his tutorial with a snowboard placed in front of him.
He is holding an iron in his hand as he is explaining how to wax the board.
He has a piece of hard wax in his hand and an iron too.
He begins melting the wax with the heated iron and drops it on the board.
He drops the melted wax all over the board.
He then drags the melted wax all through the board.
He continues the same process throughout the entire board.
Then uses a scraper to scrape the wax off and clean the board.
He also uses a brush to brush off the wax and blows the wax shavings off of the board.
A man dressed in a black suit and woman dressed in a black dress are dancing together to Latino music.
They are doing a combination of ball room dancing and waltz.
They are dancing on the sidewalk of a city where there are several bystanders observing and watching them dance.
They continue dancing hand in hand to the music.
A group of people standing on the right begin to applaud them.
The couple continues to swirl and twirl as the music plays and more people in the crowd applaud.
The lady finally jumps into the man's arms as the music comes to an end.
The crowd cheers and applaud's loudly at the couple.
A barber is shown using clippers on his client's head in a hair salon.
He is shaving a man's head with shaving cream and a razor.
He is also styling a boy's hair with gel and a comb.
He is shaving a man's beard with shaving gel and a razor.
He is also cutting a man's hair with scissors to give him a Mohawk.
He is using clippers on a young man.
The website is advertised on the screen with pictures of the website.
There is a group of ladies in a gym dressed in workout tops and tights.
They are all participating in a structured aerobics class.
They are coordinating their steps and synchronizing their moves as they step on and off of the platform.
They are dancing as they exercise to music.
After they're done, they stop and raise remove the platforms.
A tattooo artist is shown, interspersed with the artists speaking to the camera, giving tattoos.
They show various images of their finished work coupled with actiively injecting ink and making designs.
A man is dressed in dark medieval armor.
Several instances of men dressed in different kinds of armor and holding various shields are showing jousting against one another.
Ultimately, the man with the round shield is defeated when he tumbles to the ground and stabbed in the back.
The winner now jousts against a man carrying a blue diamond shaped shield.
They joust several times but the man with the blue shield is defeated when he is hit in the head and chest and falls on his back onto the other warrior's knees.
A close up of the surviving warrior is shown, clearly satisfied with his victories.
A man is shown entering a circular caged area with one side open.
The man begins rotating a ball that is attached to a string around him.
The man begins spinning his body quickly in circles.
The man lets go of the string and the ball flies through the air.
A person's hands with nails are shown followed by two women talking to the camera.
Several objects on paper are shown while the women continue to speak and one start making designs on the nails.
There are a lot of people riding in small bumper cars that can fit either 1 or 2 people.
A woman in a blue bumper car bumps into the middle metal part and she seems stuck and can't move but suddenly she begins to move again.
Everyone keeps riding their bumper cars after the woman gets herself going again and eventually they all come to a stop.
There are several people getting ready to ski.
There's a person skiing downhill with full speed whose shadow can be seen.
There are people sitting and waiting on top of a mountain waiting to start skiing.
The skier going fast downhill is demonstrating how to turn and manage speed while going downhill.
There are some people walking toward the ski mountain on a escalator.
The skier continues to ski downhill steadily on steep and winding slopes.
A man wearing a heavy apron, heavy gloves and large plastic mask over his face walks over to a tool sitting on a wooden table.
The man picks up the tool and touches it to something on the table making sparks fly.
A continuous spray of sparks shoots off of the tool.
The man stops and and takes a step back while pulling his face mask up and looking at the item on the table.
The man pulls his face mask back down and begins to use the tool again sending sparks flying again.
The man pauses and backs away looking at the item on the table.
He touches the tool to the item one more time.
The man then looks at the tool he is using and shakes it a little before sitting it down on the table.
The man then removes one of his gloves and walks away.
A boy plays with a ball in a yard.
A boy swings and hits the ball out of the yard.
The boy walks to retrieve the ball.
The boy plays a game where he hits the ball and knocks down trash can lids.
The boy swings a stick at the balls to hit them through a goal.
A woman is sitting outside her home and washing her clothes in a tub filled with water and soap.
She removes the clothes from the tub and then soaks them in another tub filled with water.
She puts the water hose into the water tub.
She adds more clothes in the soapy water and continues washing the clothes.
Two men run on a track while a large crowd of spectators and press watch.
A man in the grass in the background runs with the men for a moment.
The man on the inside lane of the track starts running very fast and then jumps into a sand pit.
the other man runs past the sand pit.
The man that jumped steps out of the sand pit and walks to the side.
A Caucasian woman in late maternity is shown seated on a living room sofa.
She puts on a sock on her left foot while crossing her leg and then proceeds to put on a tennis shoe on her left foot.
