He spins the wheel of the tire.
He takes the tire off the bike and lays it against the building.
He uses a tool to fix the spoke of the tire.
He puts the tire back on the bike and spins it.
An adult female and a young female is in the beach, the adult female is dumping the sand from the pail to the ground.
The woman in polka dots is sitting on the ground and showing her pants.
The young girl is pointing on to something and waving at the camera.
A man washes his face in front of a mirror.
He laughs at the camera.
He rubs his face some more.
He bends into the sink to rinse it.
A person goes sailing by another boat in the water.
Several scenes are shown of people sailing on the boats.
A man is standing and talking to the camera.
A person plays tam-tam using three instruments.
Other man plays the drums using two sticks.
A girl is talking to the camera while using her hands.
The camera does a blurred scene change.
The girl points down and wipes her hair.
The girl waves at the screen.
The scene changes to the girl standing in a shower.
The girl shaves her legs in the shower.
She shows us her shave product in the can and on her hands.
The girl shows us her razor then starts shaving.
A map is shown and then two large fish are shown in the water as a bird floats across the water.
Two men are on a boat and they are sailing across the water over fish.
An underwater view is then shown and you can see the bottom of the ducks body.
Several men and boats are then shown and one mail catches a fish.
After, a man dressed in all black is underwater and a water helicopter is shown then the man goes back under water holding the camera and playing with large fish.
More are shown and males continue to jump off the boat, and show their findings underwater and dumping water on themselves and another map is shown.
Guys stand around in an indoor court.
Two guys play relay soccer, an athlete touches the hands of his opponent and a goalie before he kicks a served ball.
A player kicks the ball towards the goalie from center court.
The guys pause for a short while.
A man is looking down and talking into the camera.
The man removes his glasses and shows us how to insert contact lenses.
The man shows the contact lens to the camera.
The man inserts the contact and moves his eye around.
The man shows his other contact.
The man inserts the contact on the right and moves his eye around.
A woman is seen putting on a jacket followed by her cutting parts of the vest off and holding up an iron.
She then irons the shirts and finishes by putting the vest on.
A woman is holding onto a wind surfboard in the water.
She steps onto the board and starts wind surfing.
She holds onto the kite of the wind surf.
People are working out in a room stepping on a step stools.
A man in a white shirt is leading the group.
He then walks off behind the camera.
Two women are standing inside a house.
They show off a canvas tile.
They then show how they made the tile and laid it out on the ground, piecing it together like a puzzle.
They sit on top talking about it before moving the furniture back in place on top of it.
A man stand in the porch of a house looks around and smile.
Then, the man grabs a cup and drinks, after he leaves.
Several clips are shown of people riding in water on kayaks.
The people perform flips in the water while text is shown.
More clips are shown of people riding in the water and doing flips in the kayaks.
man is talking to the camera in a news studio and sart talking with a man that is part of a band.
band is in a stage, men are playing drums.
man is again in news studio with the band and man start laying drums.
A man walks across some snow carrying a large snow shovel.
The man shovels a long path of snow.
The man turns around and shovels a long path of snow again.
The man shovels snow for a third time.
The man shovels a really long path of snow at a different location.
The man turns around and shovels a second path of snow, right next to the recent shoveled snow path.
A man is sitting on a stool while the dog is in front of him, the dog is wearing a red leash.
A white dog is hiding behind the wall.
A man is brushing the dog's fur on his side first the at the back.
The man started to shave the dog's front leg.
A white dog is laying on the brown bed.
The beige dog is laying on the rug while the man is shaving the beige.
The white dog rubbing her face on the glass table, then the beige dog is standing on the glass sat then sat on the table, then the white dog is standing beside the beige dog.
A person fixes a strap on a guy.
The guy moves closer to the edge.
Two men places hooks on the guy.
A man release a rope.
The guy jumps of the edge or bungee jumps.
An intro black screen appears and the word Poweriser flashes.
A man named PRVNI KROKY is on metal stilts outside and he begins, walking, jumping, running and moving and doing various movements while on his stilts and people around him are either sitting or walking doing their own thing.
When the man is done demonstrating what he can do on the stilts he stops in his original spot to talk some more, waves and then runs off.
The outro appears and it's exactly like the intro.
A marching band plays in the street.
People walks behind the marching band.
People pass on front a large window of a store.
Several people are in a small room dressed in work out clothes going up and and on the stair step.
They then turn around and start to dance on the stair step and intensifying the workout.
Midway through,the instructor gets off and walks around while the rest of the class continues.
After,the grab the stair step,place it against the wall and come back to their spots for the remainder of the workout.
A man is skating on an indoor rink with a sweeper as people watch.
He cleans the floor as people try to talk to him.
A man falls and slides, and another grabs him in a fight.
People are in a room talk to each other.
Then, the men compete arm wrestling and the winner looks happy, while people 
applaud.
A man drinks beer from a bottle.
A man kneels down on a blue mat and raises a bar above his head.
He stands up and walks off.
A man is in the murky waters, using a paddle.
He is kayaking toward the camera and past other kayakers.
He goes through the water faster, trying to keep up with the current.
a scene from th big bang theory is shown and the man is lying down in a table in a tattoo room and a tattoo artist is standing by him.
man in the bed stands and talk to a woman and remove the fake tattoo sleeves.
A woman lays on a table being prepped for ear piercing.
The person in charge of the operation pierces her ear in two places with a small rod.
The person applies a cork to one end of the rod.
The person pushes a different rod through the holes created by the initial piercing.
The person caps the new rod on both ends.
The woman shows off her new piercing and smiles.
A camera pans around a large snowy hill as well as people sitting on a ski lift and riding around a mountain.
The people do flips and tricks as well as follow one another down a hill and catch each other skiing from several angles.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into him with shaving cream.
He then holds up a razor and begins shaving his face while old shots of movies are shown.
The men continues shaving and ends with text across the screen.
A man is standing inside a kitchen in front of a small table.
He shows and talks about olive oil and lemon juice.
He uses the items to clean and polish the table of scratches.
A man is seen standing in front of the camera holding onto a set of bagpipes.
The man then begins playing the instrument in front of the camera.
The man continues to play while taking breaks here and there and showing text in the end.
A woman in a white apron is slicing lettuce on a board.
She dries and cuts some cucumbers to put in a bowl of salad.
She tosses the salad with her hands.
She grabs a bottle of vinegar and pours it on top of the salad.
She opens a bottle with her teeth and pours that onto the salad too.
She puts more dressing on the salad.
A lady in the background is pulling saran wrap out.
She continues tossing the salad and mixing the dressing into it.
A woman behind her pours seasoning onto the salad.
A woman holds the bowl up and shows the salad while smiling.
The woman who tossed the salad is washing her hands off on a towel.
A man is chopping wood in a snowy yard.
There is a pile of snow behind him.
The log split in two with one strike.
A clip of an old tv show is shown with a woman washing dishes and a young girl stepping into frame.
The woman hands the girl a glass of water and is shown again in various angles, ending with a woman washing clothes.
A television announcer claps on her legs while singing introducing a show.
A group of dancers in colorful costumes do an dance act with hula hoops.
The audience is seen and members clap for the group.
The older members of the group hold up poles for the children dancing to swing from.
The hula hoop dancers get even more hoops for the finale.
Confetti rains from the air onto the performers.
The announcer stands up and claps for the group.
A man and a woman stand on a street talking on front a window.
A person passes on front the man and the woman.
People pass on front the woman and the man.
A man walks into frame and speaks to the camera while holding a razor and razor heads in his hands.
A scene appears over the man's video and he is seen rubbing cream on his face and shaving off the hair.
He leaves a bit of hair on his chin and is seen again speaking to the camera and walks away.
Three people are seen walking out onto a large gymnasium floor and lead into the three performing a jump roping routine.
The three continue to jump around the floor while many watch and end with their arms up.
We see a man and a woman enter a bar room in costumes.
The man and woman perform a dance.
The man flips the woman and swings her around.
The man picks up the woman and puts her on his shoulders.
He then flips her off and onto the ground.
The man puts the lady on his shoulder and flips her two times.
The man spins the lady around and around and dips the lady.
The crowd claps for the people.
The man spins the lady around.
The dances finish and take their bows and shake hands.
A woman is sanding a book shelf with a sander.
She touches the sanded portion with her hand.
She stands next to the shelf talking.
A boy wears jumping shoes to bounce in front a building and in a playground.
Then, the boy gets up the steps of a building, and then take big steps and jump down high.
A family of four wait the boy to pass the street.
Then, the boy returns to the playground and jumps over a stone.
After, the boy jumps high on the street until he arrives to a parking lot.
A man is seen speaking to the camera followed by various ingredients laid out and him chopping up vegetables.
The man continues cutting and mixes the ingredients into a bowl.
He pours liquid into the bowl and ends by presenting it on a plate.
We see a person jet skiing.
We see a red and black sail on a surfboard.
We then see a yellow and blue sail.
A yellow one passes a black one and keeps going, then the yellow one turns around.
A yellowish green one appears on the screen.
Three pass a red and blue one going in opposite directions.
The rider of the red and blue one falls off his board.
The player serves the birdie to start the match.
Two teams compete in a badminton game in gymnasium.
The teams have a long volley during the game.
The player spikes the birdie down hard and scores a point.
A group of bikers are going down a busy street filled with cars.
They are seen with cameras mounted on skateboards before they start boarding in traffic.
The man dismounts his board and takes off his helmet before running.
We see an opening instruction screen.
We see a person holding a contact lens.
We see another instruction screen and see the person inserts the lens on the left.
Another screen of instructions and the person inserts the right lens.
Two sets of Instructions appear an the person removes the left and right lens.
the person waves bye to the camera.
A young child is seen sitting on the floor brushing her hair in front of a mirror.
The girl continues to brush her hair and ends with her watching a video and speaking to the camera.
A man puts shaving cream on his face.
He starts shaving his face with a razor.
He dries his face off with a towel.
A person puts on safety glasses and walks through a gate into a courtyard.
The person blows the leaves from a driveway using an electric blower.
The person blows the leaves from a grass area using the blower.
The blower is seen up close with different attachments and settings featured.
A woman in a tan suit is talking.
A man in a green shirt is playing tennis while sitting on the ground.
People walk along a sidewalk.
The man in the green shirt is talking into a microphone.
A man in a purple shirt then talks into the microphone.
The man in green shirt continues to play tennis.
We see a child playing hopscotch in a yard.
An older girl the jumps.
The first girl jumps back to the start location.
The older girl then goes again.
Two teams play hurling in a stadium full of people.
A player serves a ball with the stick, and the teams continue playing.
Two players dispute the ball in the air, then they continue playing.
A shirtless guy spins a ball attached to a pole.
The guy lifts this item from the grass at the pole end.
The guy releases the item.
A guy moves away from the descending item.
The website address of the group is shown.
A woman with long hair is seen looking deep into the camera and stroking her face.
She then brushes her hair and ends the video by smiling.
Several bikes are in a shop lined up.
We see people looking at the bikes, and a large box containing one.
A man opens the box and removes the bike, He shows the pieces to the camera.
An intro leads into a group of women standing on a wood floor behind a piece of exercise equipment.
The women then begin moving back and fourth and up and down on the equipment while the woman in front speaks out loud.
A woman jumps into a pool.
A woman is holding a large camera laughing.
Several more women dive off diving boards into the water.
Two men are boxing inside a gym.
They are engaged in a martial art called kickboxing.
The two men kick and alternate blows with punches.
A kite is seen flying around the air with a person riding behind the kite on the sand.
The camera continues to pan around the beach capturing the person flying a kite and him riding around and holding it.
Two pairs of females are in a room playing a game of Foosball.
The girls on the left make two goals and they begin to cheer.
A pair is rowing on kayaks down a lazy river stream.
They use paddles to move their kayaks along the water.
The pair looks toward each other, as if talking.
A long line of bikers are shown in the dark at an event.
A man is speaking onstage to the people as they prepare for the main event.
The people run and jog past the cheering crowd, until the reach the finish line, where they stop to talk and hold up the rope they tore down.
A man in orange waves then mounts a pommel horse.
The man spins around and around on the pommel horse.
A man on the right takes a photo.
The man swings one leg at a time.
The man does a handstand then dismounts.
The man walks away as another walks to the pommel horse.
The end screens are shown and the video ends.
A boy skateboard on a road jumping and flipping the skateboard in the street.
A skateboard leans on a tree.
Then, the boy skateboard on small ramps and then continues skateboarding in the street.
A woman wearing a hood and glasses is talking.
She is holding a baton and twirling it in her hands.
A man is sitting on the couch wearing jeans a shirt, and he's holding a guitar on his lap, strumming with his right hand and tapping the upper strings with his left hand.
The man slows down and stops strumming and tapping on his guitar.
A colorful screen appears and it displays a cartoon picture of a Pokemon standing outdoors near a tree while it's snowing, and red words read "Pokemon-Pallet-Town".
A talking and smiling man is standing in an indoor area and then motions to his right and a woman walks towards him and she begins to talk and smile with him.
The woman is now jumping on a trampoline by herself and then she stands on a jumping board and simulates a jump off of a diving board and going straight down into a pool, but instead she lands on a large, soft, black landing mat.
The man is now jumping on the trampoline and he does the the exact same thing as the woman just did.
Now the woman is standing at an outdoor pool talking and she jumps off of the diving board first, does a few flips and then lands in the water.
The man appears in front of the camera holding up a small speedo, he shakes his head in disapproval of the speedos, throws it on the camera, and they show him doing leg warm ups wearing a long pair of swimming shorts.
Then man goes on the diving board, rubs his hands together, then jumps off the diving board 4 times and does various flips before he lands in the water.
The man and the woman are now on the ground talking and they turn to look at the tallest diving board, and a quick shot from tallest diving board is showing high it is, then it goes back to the man and the woman still standing next to the pool and talking.
There are about ten or more people dressed in athletic wear doing a synchronized form of exercise.
They are doing the steps rhythmically to the beats of a song that is played in the fitness center.
There are disco lights flashing in the fitness center.
They continue to do the steps as they clap their hands in between the steps.
They also step on and step off of a step stool as they continue their steps.
A man is seen standing before a ping pong table and throws a ball off into the distance.
A man takes a drink and leads into the two playing more beer pong.
The men throw the ball back and fourth to one another while smiling to the camera.
A man in an outdoor basketball court explains how to do layup drills with both arms, over hand, underhand, right and left hand layup with two steps.
He then goes to the hash marks on the court and shows various variations of a layup from various distances and how to do the drills for practice.
He then comes back to the camera and explains what he did.
A man with no hands grabs a dart that is stuck to the board and walks backward.
He then throws the dark up in the air to show it landed on the board.
A man is seen kneeling in a gym.
He leans forward several times.
He is performing slow stretching moves.
A woman is drawing a hopscotch board on the ground in chalk.
She stands up and walks to the front of the hopscotch board.
She begins jumping on the board.
A man walks up to a hedge carrying a large pair of hedge trimmers.
He shows how to trim the hedges neatly, going down them a little at a time.
He stops, talking to the camera as he goes.
A man with a thick mustache is dressed in winter clothing is sitting on a white bucket turned upside down on a frozen body of water as he drinks a beer from a blue can and talking.
The man then picks up his fishing pole and pulls on the fishing wire that's in the fishing hole in front of him,holds the wire up, then puts it back in the hole while he's still talking.
The man then gets off of his bucket and while on his two knees he puts his fingers in and out of the fishing hole and keeps talking.
Various clips are shown of people playing lacrosse followed by a man holding the stick and speaking to the camera.
He moves the stick all around demonstrating how to properly play.
These 2 different teams are running on the field because they're playing shinty.
Only half of the crowd is filled with people, while the other side is empty with no one there to watch anything.
In the end, someone wins and people in the crowd clap and cheer.
A bald man and a woman wearing handkerchief in her hair stand and wave next to a customized bus.
The lady ads a scoop of ice cream to a sugar cone.
The bald headed man places a menu on the side of the bus.
The lady from the ice cream parlour bus hands an ice cream cone to a client.
Multiple images and clips of many different people eating and showing their ice cream.
The bald man and the lady inside of the ice cream parlour bus are shown working and picking up supplies as more images of patrons eat and show their ice cream treats.
We see a pink opening scene.
A lady walks up stairs and people are gathered in a plaza outdoors.
We see a race banner and people moving under the banner.
Runners are running down a city street in a marathon.
We see a stadium like structure a km 8.
We see a fountain spraying water.
A mariachi band sits on the sidewalk playing music followed by drummers.
We see the end and a cup of coffee and a medal.
A lady photo shops her picture in with the mariachi band.
The ending title screen is shown.
A woman is seen pushing a puck along the ice with others followed by a man speaking to the camera.
More clips are shown of people curling on the ice while the man continues to speak to the camera and the game is shown in slow motion.
Children drives bumper cars in a carnival.
A little girl bumps on the wall and gets stuck with other cars, then the girl gets free and continues riding.
The little girl get stuck with other children, then she gets free and then rides the bumper car.
A man lifts a ball in the air and holds it against his neck and throws the ball far.
The man holds the ball against his neck and twists his back and throws it.
The man grabs the ball and takes a big step behind him and throws the ball.
The man twists his body a few times as he holds the ball against his neck.
The man does a 90 degree move around as he holds the ball against his neck.
The man holds the ball against his neck as he does a full 180 degree rotation with his body.
He pretends to hold the ball as he rotates his body into a 270 degree movement.
A woman speaks to the camera.
Many lemons fall onto a counter.
The woman grabs a wooden bowl and pours brown sugar into it.
She grabs a lemon and rubs brown sugar all over the lemon.
She proceeds to rub two lemons onto the counter.
With a knife, she cuts a lemon in half.
She squeezes lemon juice into a bowl.
She pours the squeezed lemon juice into a pitcher.
She pours boiling water into the bowl with brown sugar in it.
Shes pours the watered brown sugar into the pitcher and stirs.
She breaks ice cubes by hitting them with a spoon.
She places the ice into a glass and adds the lemonade.
Lastly, she takes a sip of the lemonade she just made.
A balded man is seen talking to a camera while rubbing his head and making grimace faces.
He continues speaking to the camera and the video ends with him waving and shutting the camera off.
A picture of a person jumping off of a boat into the water.
A boat is in the water.
A sail boat is in the water with people on it.
People are sitting on the boat talking.
A woman in a white bikini stands at the bow of the boat and a man stands behind her.
People are sitting at the bow of the boat.
A woman lies on her back wearing a bikini on the boat.
People are walking in the sand in front of the camera.
A view of the water and beach is shown.
People are walking on the sand of the beach.
A group of people are posing for a picture.
People are taking pictures on the boat.
A woman is shown standing in front of an elliptical trainer, talking.
She flips through a booklet before walking over to the trainer.
She begins to demonstrate how to prepare the trainer for use.
She climbs onto the trainer and shows how it is used by pedaling with her feet.
A close up of the display screen is then shown.
The trainer is folded to show compaction and ease of storage.
An introduction comes onto the screen for a video about mixing a drink called the "Yah Yah".
She goes over all the ingredients needed for the drink.
She begins by taking a glass and filling it with ice.
She add all the ingredients to the glass over the ice.
The video ends with the closing credits.
The video leads into several shots of people riding skateboards as well as riding on a tire and walking next to each other.
They're seen looking and laughing to the camera while more shots of people riding down on skateboards are shown.
A woman and a boy are making victory sign and smiling.
The woman is putting make up to the boy's face, and then the boy shows his face.
Then, the woman put make on a girl face.
The boy and the girl look their faces on a mirror making funny faces and waving.
A person is holding a dog covered in suds and holding a bottle of shampoo in a yard.
We see the person standing next to the dog and washing him with the shampoo.
A person waves their hand in front of the dog.
The camera pans and we see another dog laying on the ground.
A blonde woman stands by a bridge yelling.
A brunette extends  purple and red yarn to the woman.
The woman is hallucinating this and is then doing an interview.
A group of people in a classroom cheerfully knit away and play with yarn.
The blonde woman hallucinates seeing the woman who gave her the yarn, and starts laughing hysterically.
The group cheerfully displays their yarn.
A man plays the bagpipes on stage while wearing a Scottish skirt.
Then, the man ends playing and holds the bagpipes on his left arm.
kids are driving on bumper cars spinning and bumping.
kid is wearing blue shirt and clash with the fence holding the handles with both hands.
girl is wearing a leather jacket spining in the bumper car in the amusement car.
A man in a black hat is talking to the camera.
He starts playing a violin on his shoulder.
He stops playing and puts the violin down to his side.
We see an opening white screen.
We then see a man pushing a bike brake and adjusting it.
The man pulls a cord on the bike near the tire.
The men then adjusts the bake lever again.
We then see the man talking to the camera.
We see the ending title screen.
A woman is seen walking up to a door and smiling to the camera while hanging up her coat.
She puts an apron on and pours paint into a bucket while speaking to the camera.
She is shown painting various furniture as well as showing it off in the end.
A girl in a sparkly outfit dances on a hardwood floor.
She brings out batons and twirls them around while dancing.
She sits on the ground after finishing her performance.
a man is standing in his back yard.
He is laughing as he paits the side of a shed.
He uses a sprayer to apply the red paint.
A large group of people are seen standing on a stage while others watch on the side.
The cheerleaders then begin performing a routine while throwing others up and flipping around.
The group continues to perform on the stage and end by holding a pose and walking away.
A woman standing next to a vehicle talks to the camera while occasionally gesturing at the vehicle.
The woman holds up a bottle of spray.
The woman sprays the vehicle's window with the bottle.
The woman uses a towel to clean the window.
The woman talks to the camera again.
The woman returns to cleaning the window.
The woman talks to the camera once more.
A woman introduces herself to the camera and begins to talk about the topic of the video, pasta.
The camera shows the ingredients that go into cooking pasta.
The woman drops salt in a pot of water and turns the burners on.
Once, boiling, she adds the pasta in the pot.
She stirs the pasta, and then empties the pot in a colander once the pasta is al dente.
She returns the pasta to the pot and adds olive oil.
People are standing around in a circle.
Two people begin fighting in the circle.
A man is doing flips outside on the grass.
They continue to flight inside the circle.
A man is standing outside talking in front of a street.
A man does several back flips on the grass.
