Performers sings and dancers on a concert stage.
A performer climbs down the stairs.
Several performers pose, gesture, and point towards the audience.
A performer break dances on stage.
The break dancer lays on the stage floor.
A performer raises the standing break dancer's hand in the air.
The break dancer gives a performer five.
A performer squats and gestures.
A man, in black t-shirt, stands alone in a kitchen, talks to a camera in an animated way and prepares a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
The man holds up a jar of peanut butter and a bottle of jelly after pulling out two pieces of bread while standing in front of a kitchen countertop.
The man puts jelly and peanut butter on the bread.
The man bites into the sandwich, begins talking again, slams the sandwich down on a plate and walks off.
A man dressed in a camouflaged suit is standing in a large grassy field with other people and he's pulling on a string we can barely see.
There are a lot of other people moving around on the field doing their own thing.
The camera angles are changing and when we get a close up of the man we can finally see the string he is pulling on.
A young woman is shown exercising on a black elliptical.
She continues exercising and a close up of the machine is shown.
Finally,she takes a sip of her water as she finishes her brisk workout and then Golds Gym appears in the middle of the screen.
We see a black opening screen.
We see a blue track with people running on it.
We then see a man do a high jump at 5'9".
We then see the man jump at 6'.
We then see the man jump at 6'2" and he knocks the pole over.
We see him try 6'2" again and not hit the pole.
The man walks to the camera and turns it off.
A man is seen putting products into a woman's hair followed by blow drying her hair and brushing it down.
The person then cuts the woman's hair several inches while moving slower in the end.
A man is seen walking into a bathroom and looking through dirty toothbrushes.
The person pours toothpaste out onto a brush and continuously brushes his teeth.
He then brushes more and ends by rinsing his mouth out with mouth wash and showing off the sink.
Several people stand outside of cars.
They get in a river on tubes.
They float near a large bridge.
The water gets a little choppy.
Three teenage boys carry their  skateboards up a paved park trail.
A camera mounted on the skateboard captures scenes of the young skaters cruising in different directions and performing different tricks.
A skateboarder in a green hoodie skates on a narrow dirt trail lined with trees.
A woman in a green shirt is standing outside holding a hula hoop.
She starts hula hooping with the hula hoop.
Words come up onto the screen at the end.
A person throws a Frisbee for her dog for a dog to retrieve during an event on a sporting field.
The dog catches the Frisbee and brings it back to the trainer.
A gymnast is seen leaning over a long bar with a person standing next to her on the ground.
The girl then hops herself up on the beam.
Finally the girl begins to swing down around.
a young girl in a yellow outfit poses with a baton.
She begins to dance, twirling the baton as she goes.
The girl spins, sits, slides, and twirls as she performs.
She falls to the ground in a pose and smiles as she finishes.
First this girl does a back bend and then another girl does a back walkover.
Then someone else does a cartwheel and that same person does a round off.
next someone does a front walkover and another girl does a standing back handspring along with other people who are doing gymnastic moves.
Various pictures of men are shown in the beginning of the video followed by several lines of text shown.
The men are then seen kicking soccer balls into a goal while they save some and the goalie blocks.
A woman stands next to a horse in a field.
"HJCTV presents: Grooming your horse 101" is overlaid.
A woman stands in a stall with a horse with a grooming brush, she starts brushing it.
Two girls stand outdoors with another horse and brush it.
The first woman returns with a new brush and allows children to help brush the horse.
A small group of people are seen sitting on the side and lead into two people dancing together.
The people continue dancing along the floor and end by clapping with the band.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into him laying up wallpaper on the wall.
He continues speaking to the camera while still spreading paper on the wall.
A group of young men play volleyball on a sandy beach in front of the ocean.
A group of men in swim trunks and bikini briefs play volleyball in the sand at the beach in front of a tall green volley ball net.
The men are competitive as they play using feet and head and chest to move the ball around.
One man is lying on the sand and then gets up to play more volleyball.
A lady plays with her hair.
The lady brushes her hair.
The lady brushes the bottom of her hair by stretching her arm upwards she brushes the top then the ends and finishes.
An older woman is shown talking to the camera and begins knitting on a couch.
She continues talking to the camera while the lens zoom in and out of her hands continuing to knit.
She shows off her sweater and finally puts her knitting gear down.
A young boy is standing outside watching another person play their bag pipes.
Several people walk by and a lady stops and throws money into the person's case.
A woman demonstrates how to wash the face by washing her face in sink.
A woman stands over a sink and splashes water on her face.
The woman then works up a lather with liquid soap she has poured onto her hands.
The woman then washes her face in circular motions  the woman then used a towel to dry her face.
A woman opens the trunk of a car.
She gets a spare tire out and sets it on the ground.
She takes the old tire off.
She puts the new tire on.
She puts the hub of the tire on.
A girl in a baseball uniform is standing at the end of a hopscotch game.
A girl in a red shirt is playing hopscotch.
A ball player is playing hopscotch.
The girls laugh at each other.
Various pictures of shown of a girl and a horse and leads into a person riding a horse over jumps.
More pictures are shown off the horse and person together followed by more clips of the girl riding the horse.
In the end the horse is seen tied up to the stables and the girl wanders around him.
A van towing a car drives by view of blue road signs are shown and in white letters they read "WALTON", "Ontario's West Coast" and "MOTORCROSS TOWN".
A lot of people are now shown walking or riding bikes at a large gathering as other people are hanging out under tents.
A group of men are at a starting line of a large motor cross track and they begin to go around and around while people watch on.
When they are done going around the track various clips of people doing different things are shown again.
A camera pans all around a frozen lake with trees and leads into a group of people fishing around a hole.
The men continue to sit around the holes with a pole speaking to one another and wandering around the ice.
woman is standing in a green field practicing balance a ball in a golf club.
another woman is in the court and its practicing with the girl passing the ball from a golf club to another.
in the background cars are parked in a parking lot.
People are sitting on exercise machines in a room.
They all begin working out and pulling on a rope.
People are standing in front of them cheering them on.
Several different wrestling battles are shown with many different wrestlers showcased.
A man is hoisted onto the shoulders of another man and is then thrown down onto a table, which breaks in half with the force of his weight.
Several more wrestlers are thrown violently onto ring floors and flat surfaces and tables, with one dark and long haired man appearing several times throughout the clip screaming in an animated way.
A red haired man talks to a camera near the end of the clip.
A person shows and explains a lemon squeezer and shows the part were the lemon goes.
Then, the person points to two jugs on a table.
Next, the person puts ice in a cup, and then squeeze a lemon using the lemon squeezer, add syrup and water from jugs.
Then, the person put a cover on the cup and shake the mix.
a boy sits in his room behind a large drum set.
He plays the drums and cymbals gently.
He speeds up his tempo and strength as he builds confidence.
A person in red jacket is standing at the side of the lane.
Two people are sliding down the lane covered in snow.
The woman in the tube is going further down the lane as she wave her arms.
Between clips of a man on a catamaran moving in the ocean, black screens appear and different times with different words describing each movement the catamaran makes.
The man is now standing on the boat and is pulling on ropes that move on the boat and then is shown once again as the boat is moving.
The outro appears and it's a white screen with a picture of the boat and the words "MULTIHULL CENTRAL".
woman is sitting in front of other in a consulting room and take the glasses out and wash her hands.
woman gives her contact lenses and he other woman holds it with the index finger put some some liquid and put it in the eye, then do the same with the other contact put the lenses and talk to the other woman.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into several shots of a boat on water as well as people holding a camera and wake boarding.
The people are then seen climbing on a rock and walking around a forest, ending by jumping in the water.
More clips are shown of them wakeboarding as well as riding in the boat and jumping into the water.
A man holds the back paws of a cat and clips its nails sitting on the floor.
The man finishes one paw then wrestles with the cat.
The man pets that cats stomach.
The man examines the cats after the job is done.
Players are playing lacrosse in a hockey arena.
The players leaves the arena.
A green team player runs towards the clear window.
A man in a white tuxedo is led to a pinata by a woman in a wedding dress.
He hits at the pinata that keeps moving up and down.
We see an opening title screen.
A man and boys standard sit on the snow and ice fish.
We see a tittle screen and a plane flys overhead in the sky and we see the people on the ice and a truck in the distance.
A kids walks over to the truck where a lady is cooking hot dogs in the truck bed full of food.
We see a title screen and see frozen fish sitting in the snow.
A group of women stand facing the camera.
An older woman walks to the head of the group.
The group dance together facing the camera.
A girl is shown several times running on a track.
She uses a pole to vault over a bar.
She lands on a mat on the other side.
A man plugs a mowing machine, then he pushes the mower to cut the grass in a backyard.
After, the man cuts the grass on the borders with garden scissors.
A person is seen aiming a paintball gun off into the distance in a large field.
Many people watch on the side as the man aims.
Suddenly another person comes into frame and plays with the man.
A man and a dog are standing in a field surrounded by a group of people.
The dog goes on and then the man is seen walking off of the field.
However,a lady remains and her and her dog begin doing Frisbee and tricks at the Purina Dog challenge.
At beach, several volleyball nets in different colors are set up, while people are standing or sitting on the side off the nets.
Different teams, with combination of males and females played the beach volleyballs in the nets assigned to them.
A person puts carpets shims on the floor.
The man measures the shims to fit in the corners.
After, the person puts stripes on the border of the shims, then put the carpet.
A small group of girls are seen walking onto a stage followed by more people following behind.
More people continue walking out onto the stage with some holding signs and others watching on the side.
We see the emblem on the opening screen.
We switch to images of two ladies with horses.
We see one lady in a sunny field with a hose.
We see a small dog on the back of the horse.
We see the small dog, then two ladies and the small dog.
The lady is sitting playing with the dog.
We see a bunch of people in a stable with a horse.
We see the end credit emblem.
A boy on a horse is released from a gate.
He ropes a calf, dragging it to the ground.
He dismounts, tying the calf with rope before getting back on his horse.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads into clips of him hitting a ball around with a stick.
The man continues speaking to the camera in several spots and as well as hitting the ball around an indoor area.
Five women are in a room dancing.
They dance around in a circle.
They continue dancing together in the room.
A man is seen sitting behind a drum set beginning to play while others watch him on the side.
The man continues to play the drum set faster and faster and ends by stopping to speak to the camera.
man is standing in a track in a roofed gym and runs to make big jumps in front of judges.
people are in terraces watching the boy.
man claps after the man make the jumps.
Two people are seen sitting on swings outside.
The people then begin moving back and fourth.
The people continuously swing back and fourth on the swingset.
A man hold a dish with food while talking, then, two girls run in the field were other people are walking.
People play throwing balls on the ground.
After, a band plays and people dance including a bride.
The people get in boats and sail in the river while other people rest.
People pass a small waterfall with choppy water, and then they go down the river.
People dive in the river, and then rest while drinking, then go sail in the river.
a man is in a boat in the water.
a loaf of bread is thrown to fishes and their are fighting to eat it.
man is diving ni deep sea through the shoals and corals.
A small group of people are seen wandering around a tennis court hitting a ball over the net.
The people hit the ball back and fourth while others watch on the side.
They continue to play the game as well as others.
A guy is outside playing a guitar.
A boy rides a scooter.
A child slides down a slide.
Children and an adult stand in line.
The boy walks towards the line.
A little boy wearing goggles jumps into a pool.
He dives down to the bottom and picks something up off the bottom of the pool.
He swims back to the top and above water.
A wrestler, standing at the top of a ladder, with another man on the ladder with him, but in front of him, jumps off the ladder from the top and takes the other person with him.
A man in a wrestling costumer stands at the top of a ladder in the middle of a ring with a referee and people in the audience.
The man jumps off the ladder as people in the audience clap for him and the other man falls off as well.
Two dodgeball teams play against each other in an interior gym surrounded by onlookers in bleachers.
The game begins with a team of men against a team of women each taking turns throwing dodge balls at each other violently.
The teams then change sides on the gym floor with the women on the left and the men on the right.
The game ends and both teams meet in the middle of the floor and give each other high fives.
There are some people curling in an indoor ice rink.
There are some girls getting ready with the curling sticks and prepping the rink to play curling.
Two girls dressed in black gear are playing the game as they go through the rink with their curling sticks pushing the rock.
One of the players glides through the floor and pushes the rock to the end of the rink.
The two players continue playing as they go through the rink and slide the rocks till the end of the line.
Two other players wearing pink play the game as they slide the rocks through the rink.
A middle aged man is shoveling snow on a sidewalk while a medium sized brown dog chases the shovel.
The man throws the snow and turns the other way to repeat the shoveling while the dog continues to chase the shovel.
At the end of the sidewalk near a driveway a young woman in a black snowsuit lying on her stomach sees the dog chasing the shovel and laughs.
The man now turns and runs down the sidewalk shoveling the snow again and the dog runs along with him.
The man does not turn around and shovel the sidewalk again, but carries the snow in the shovel and walks away from the dog.
The dog trails behind as if tired.
We see a BMX biker as he prepares to to ride.
We see the gate open and see the field.
The rider takes off down the course.
We see riders perform jumps and people riding bikes.
We see another start and a group of people take off in an indoor track.
We see shots of men riding outdoors and another gate opens.
We see a bike laying on it's side.
A  man is seen kneeling down next to a car while speaking to the camera.
The camera pans all around the car as well as the tire while the man continues to speak to the camera.
A man is shown outside in a kid park with grey shorts on a a pair of black and white Puma sneakers.
He then pulls him self up on top of the monkey bars and stands on top of them and goes into a hand stand.
Once he has got his balance,he travels across is and jumps off one he has gotten to the end.
Two boys sits talking as they hold their cell phones.
The boys are wrestling in Sumo costumes as two other boys films them with camera.
One boy get and hits the other with a ladder and they hit each other.
The boy in red grabs and hits the green boy on the ladder with a guitar.
The red boy brings  an ironing board and jumps on the other boy from the ladder.
The green boy runs into the other boy with a minibike.
A girl in a sum suit in thrown from a  wheel barrow and the referee counts the match as finished.
We see the ending title screen.
We a man washing dishes in a restaurant kitchen with two other men standing behind him on massaging his shoulder.
Teh dishwasher shakes the man off his shoulders.
The man in rear in blue walks out of the room.
The other man pretends to wash dishes then washes his hands.
A car is seen sitting inside a car wash on a security camera with rags moving up and down the vehicle.
A man then opens his door which is followed by the machine taking off the door and the car driving away.
A man in blue shirt drink a big glass of beer.
The blonde man beside him is cheering.
The man in blue shirt finished his drink and put it down, and the blonde man cheered.
A man is seen speaking to the camera and leads of a clip of people riding down a snowy hill on tubes.
More people are seen riding down the hill while pointing to one another.
The group continues riding down the hill while also stopping to talk to the camera.
A close up of a person's roller blades are shown with a man standing in frame.
The person then lights up his blades and jumps in place.
The person continues riding around and kicking his feet up while the sparks fly.
A person is seen moving in fast motion unpacking a bag and piecing together parts of a tire.
Many people stop to watch on the sidelines while the man continues to build the bike  and finishes by packing everything up and holding his arms out while smiling.
A man runs up to a beam and jumps over it several times.
He makes at least six attempts.
Several pictures are shown of a woman standing by herself as well as with friends.
Video footage is then shown of her running alongside a large group of people while many watch on the sides.
More pictures are shown of her finishing the race as well as others.
A person plays an acoustic guitar while sitting on a beige sofa in jeans and a t-shirt.
A room is shown with an acoustic guitar lying across a beige sofa and a stone art piece in front of the sofa with rocks in it.
A person, face unseen, approaches the sofa and picks up the guitar.
The person then sits down and plays the acoustic guitar, which has a capo on the neck, and plays until the scene fades to a Spanish subtitle.
Two men are long boarding down a hill.
He stops and puts his foot down on the ground.
He is standing on his board upside down.
A man in a green shirt is sitting on the ground with his long board in front of him.
A man is standing in the woods, talking.
He uses an ax to hit a large piece of wood.
He splits the wood into logs with the ax.
A girl and a boy play ping pong in a basement type room with a ping pong table and  florescent lights for lighting.
The boy walks up to the camera for a close up.
The boy and girl begin to play ping pong again.
People are riding horses around an arena.
People are standing outside the arena watching them.
The people watching turn around and look behind them.
Blue lights light up a stage.
A man's silhouette is visible and we see the arena in blue light.
The man on stage plays lit in a red light.
We see the arena in blue and the sax player in red.
We see another member of the band.
We see the man on the saxophone playing close and far.
We see the whole arena and the man playing close.
We pan from the man out to the audience.
people are sitting in chairs in pool.
man and woman are talking and presenting the man that walks by the pool.
man is weightlifting and doing a big jump from a trampoline and talking to the camera.
a big platfom is shown and a man is being interviewed by a woman in top of trampoline.
woman in audience is screaming and throwing kisses.
man is on the 10 m trampoline and make a hand stand to make the jump to the pool.
woman is impressed siting by the pool and have her hands on her face.
presentator is interviewing the man.
We see an animated opening screen.
We see a man walking in a parking lot.
The man starts performing martial arts moves.
The man removes his shirt and necklace.
The man flips around and does Capoeira moves.
We see the man do a handstand on one hand.
The man finishes, grabs his shirt, and walks off.
We see video clips in the closing screen.
A little girl is in a kitchen talking.
The girl mixes several things from small bowls in a bigger bowl.
An adult helps the girl spray her baking pans.
The girl puts her mixture into the pans and puts them in an easy bake oven.
The girl then removes what she made from the oven.
A younger boy watches while eating a cupcake.
The young girls cuts the desert she made and eats it.
The cheerleading team comes out for a performance.
A girl attempts multiple flips and sticks the landing.
Another girls follows suit as the team works hard in the background.
The team shows off some dance moves next and the crowd cheers.
After some more team-flips the team poses and celebrates as the routine ends.
Several members hug and talk.
The judges submit their scores and the team anticipates the results.
The team is crowned the winners of the competition.
A small child is seen standing before a set of monkey bars.
The boy then pushes himself along across the monkey bars.
He jumps down in the end and begins walking across a bridge.
Several people are shown in photos, gathered together in winter gear in the snow.
They ride in intertubes down a hill together, laughing and talking with each other.
They are then shown in after even celebratory photos, posing together.
A person is seen riding around on a lawn mower cutting the grass in a large field.
The young boy moves closer to the camera while still driving around and cutting the grass.
A butterfly is flying on the screen with words on slides.
A person is mixing ingredients in a bowl.
They spoon the dough onto a cookie sheet.
Bakes cookies are shown stacked up on a plate.
Two kids are seen riding in a truck moving down a road as well as shots of landscapes and the kids sitting on bikes.
Several shots are shown of the kids riding around a dirt track with one another while the camera captures them all over.
a box of rollerbldes is shown and the lid is opened amd tje accesories are shown with the rollerblades.
man is in street skating  and showing pictures of the skates.
A man is seen bending over a bang in the middle of drummers.
The people hit the drums continuously while the camera pans around.
The men drum while the camera pans around them.
A woman is adjusting a camera in a bedroom.
She is smoking a cigarette and ashing it into a tray.
She grinds the cigarette into the tray when she is finished.
A group of people are seen standing around bow and arrows then the camera camera down a long line of people shooting bows.
A man is then seen speaking to the camera followed by Several shots of random people shooting the arrows to a target.
Many people watch on the sidelines and is followed by more shots of people shooting bows.
The first clip of the video shows the title sequence.
A man is then shown in a bowling store speaking to the camera.
Another title slide introduces the next clip.
As the man speaks to the camera, several clips are shown of a man rolling a bowling ball down the lane.
The video ends with a clip showing the title logo and website information.
A boy holds an axe outside.
He swings the axe at a stump.
Another boy is shown doing the same thing.
They continue to try to split the wood.
A teen talks and hold a leash of a dog while a young man pets a dog on a couch.
Then, the teen runs with the dog were other youth play frisbee, after the teen talks.
A woman reads a book lean on a dispenser soda machine.
A man walks a dog in a parking lot and the street.
After, the teen and the young man are indoors.
A man in a white hat is holding a black ball and talking.
People are playing a game of indoor soccer.
A man in a white jacket is talking to the camera.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while holding a tennis racket and begins hitting the ball against the wall.
He continues speaking to the camera and transitions to him hitting the ball.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while the camera pans out to a card table and the man dealing cards.
The man lays out several cards while flipping over more and pointing to objects laid out on the table.
A man is seen climbing onto of a camel and begins walking around with a man in front.
The man speaks to one on top and gives the camel a slap while looking back to speak to the camera.
Two men are posing in a photo for martial arts.
A group is gathered inside a room, shown in various martial arts poses.
They change movements, text on the screen showing what they are doing.
It ends with an ad for the school.
man wearing a purple shirt is holding a gas pipe.
the man is using the pipe to light up the woodfire.
man is standing outside a house lighting up a woodfire.
A man wearing a helmet and carrying a skateboard lays on a skateboard and goes down a bowling lane to knock over pins.
People look to watch him go down the lane.
Someone pushes someone laying on a skateboard down a bowling lane.
People throw bowling balls after the person.
Two men laugh watching the man.
Someone pushes another person laying on a skateboard down a bowling lane.
A group of kids are seen practicing various cheer leading moves in a gym as well as woman speaking to the camera.
Several shots are shown of the girl's outfits as well as them demonstrating moves.
We see a newscaster in a studio talking.
We then see a soccer game indoors.
A man talks in front of the camera and we see the crowd.
We see the game in progress.
The man talks again and we see the game again.
The man talks one more time and we return to the game.
We see the newscaster in the studio again.
Boats are seen sailing through dark ocean water.
We see a first person view of sailing on a boat.
The boats are seen floating through the water.
A man is wearing a contraption which holds his small son on his back as he hikes in the woods.
We see the boy playing in an indoor porch at the house.
The boy runs into the yard and his dad puts a helmet on him and helps him skateboard.
The dad skateboards and holds the boy.
We then see the ending screen and switch to the boy sitting on a rock high five his dad and we return to the close screen.
We see the black title screen.
We see a lady and a man working on a machine.
We see the people standing and talking about the product with shots of the machine.
We see the display on the machine.
The lady gets on, sets the time, and runs on the machine.
We see just the man talking then using the machine.
We return to the people talking together.
We see the closing title screens.
a man is celebrating with his arms in the air.
He is shown spinning on a field.
He then throws the ball far away and it is measured.
A man in a black shirt is sitting down playing a drum set.
He stops playing and starts talking into a microphone.
Two men are seen fighting back and fourth on a set of mats using boxing gloves and pads.
The men continue punching and kicking back and fourth while the camera continues to follow them around.
A man is shown mowing his lawn with a push mower.
He turns and goes back and forth, leaving marks on the lawn.
A man talks in the corner of the screen about the process.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera and leads into a woman running and interviewing other runners.
She interviews two twins while running and the news shows off other runners in the area.
A very slow playing video of a very strong man is shown as he picks up a barbell that has a lot of heavy weights on it, and he squats for a little bit with it at his chest.
The man then stands up and holds the barbell to his chest.
The man then tries to hold the barbell above his head while he squats but he ends up dropping the barbell and then looks at his hands as if they failed him.
The camera pans a residence's yard.
A man wearing a white hoodie and black warm ups with white stripes  is mowing the yard with a push lawn mower.
The camera captures a rain storm starting and raining over the yard while the man continues to mow the yard.
A black dog is shown looking into the camera.
A balding man appears who is standing next to a chair that seems to be in need of restoring.
The chair is shown to have scratches.
The man begins to apply a substance to the chair as the man rubs the substance all over the surfaces of the chair.
The man then points at a scratch on the a part of the chair and begins to wipe it clean with the substance.
The man then shows a leg of the chair and wipes it down as well.
The man then seems to pour a substance into a can and dips the brush into it and polishes part of the leg.
The man continues to wipe the chair as it is getting cleaner and cleaner.
The man returns later after the chair dries with a yellow bottle and is now wearing a hat and glasses.
The man begins to wipe the chair again using whatever was in the yellow bottle.
After this is complete the cushion is put back onto the chair as it is wiped down one more time.
A man is seen speaking to the camera in a large field while holding a lacrosse stick.
He points to himself while holding up the stick and continues to speak to the camera and how to properly hold the stick.
People sails in a rocky river on inflatable individual boats.
The boats pass with difficulty between the rocks.
Then, people enters in more troubled waters.
A man throws a ball onto a field.
People are standing around measuring the distance.
People are watching them from the sidelines.
A woman talks to the camera while young girls stand behind her.
The woman continues to talk to the camera while demonstrating individual dance movements, as the young girls follow along.
The woman leads the girls in practicing the entire sequence.
The girls perform the sequence on their own.
A man in a blue shirt moves to take his shot.
He then talks to the other men.
The man in black moves out of the shot.
The man in black and blue throw their hands in the air.
All of the men break out and react wildly to the last shot.
A woman rides a bike outside.
She is then shown playing a violin.
She then roller blades outside.
And then she does push ups on a roof.
A person is water skiing behind a boat.
Another boat is seen in the water behind them.
They are going around yellow cones in the water.
a lot of people are gathered in a square.
people start to run in the street and by the bay.
A bulls runs in the street goring people and throwing them to the floor, while the bulls is attached to a rope.
The bull enters a home, then the bull continues goring people in the street.
The bull enters a corral and attack a person behind the fence, then the bull continues fiercely goring people in the street.
A person pet the bull through a window, after the bull clash with another bull that falls on the ground.
The bull attacks a dog sit on front a door.
The bull gores people and also attacks people on the sidewalk.
The bull continues goring people's behind.
Two men are arm wrestling on a table.
Another man walks up to the table and stands in front of them.
They finish arm wrestling and they start to stand up.
A pair of french doors is shown on a house.
A man demonstrates how to clean the glass in the windows of the doors.
He scrubs them with a cloth, wiping them clean.
He continues going down one door, cleaning each individual window.
Two women standing in the kitchen, one girl is wearing a black top and the other one is wearing a beige top.
The woman in beige showed a sandwich on the kitchen counter, then started peeing the green cucumber using a peeler, then start slicing the cucumber.
She then spread butter on the bread, placed the sliced cucumber on the bread, sprinkle some salt, cut the edges of the bread then sliced it into triangle, then placed in on the white plate, then both of the women ate the sandwich.
A woman is putting wall paper on a wall.
She smooths the wall paper with her hands.
She is rolling the wall paper onto the wall.
A family is rearranging furniture in a living room.
They set up a Christmas tree in the corner of the room.
They put lights on the tree.
They put bulbs onto the tree.
A little girl does a spin in front of the tree.
Hockey players are playing a hockey game on the ice.
A crowd is watching them play.
A man in yellow falls on the ice.
A man in a suit is talking to hockey players.
We see a man and a woman standing foreheads together.
The people then dance together.
The lady holds her legs out at her side.
The man swings the woman around.
The lady shakes her hips.
The lady bends down and the man wraps his arms around her.
The people back up from each other.
A man walks up to a barbell and bends over, lifting at the knees.
He lifts the barbell up to his chest, rests for a moment, then lifts it over his head.
He holds the pose for a few seconds before dropping it to the ground.
A series of masks are shown on a table.
A yorkie dog is shown from several angles.
We then see the dog winning competitions and getting groomed.
A group of friends sit together against a fence at a skate park.
People on roller blades do tricks on a ramp over steps.
People on roller blades do tricks on a bench at the skate park.
People do trucks on a railing down a ramp at the skate park.
The roller skates ride on half pipe ramps.
Shooting targets are shown on the grass.
A man uses a bow and arrow to hit the targets.
Words are shown on the screen.
A man shoots a bow behind a pile of sticks.
Two Sumo wrestlers are indoor fighting one another as the referee moves around them.
One person is then thrown off of the mat and another set of people are shown.
The smaller of the two then flips the big guy from in the air and then the match is over.
The sequence continues and several other men are shown battling one another and giving each other wedgies.
When the match is complete,two men are shown sitting at a desk with a phone number on a white board.
a little boy is in a messy living room.
He is using an electric toothbrush.
He scrubs his teeth with the toothbrush while he smiles.
A woman is sitting in a living room on a couch talking to the camera explaining what she is about to do.
The camera pans down and the lady begins showing important aspects of the object she is knitting.
When she is done,she grabs the needle,puts the thread in it and finishes knitting.
A young child is seen wearing ear pieces on his head and blowing around the grass.
He is holding a large machine and is seen pushing it all around the yard.
He pauses for a moment to play with the grass, followed by him working more.
man is in a racetrack running to make a high jump into the dust.
woman is putting numbers in a scoeboard.
man is running in the middle of the field.
A large group of people are seen standing on ice followed by various shots of curling tools and people playing the sport.
A man is seen putting shoes on, walking along the ice while another helps him walk.
The men continue to teach him how to glide along the ice and and use the brush to move the puck.
people is in a gym doing exercise some push ups and stretching.
men start settle the gym and bring some mats and strings to ge gym.
people are balancing on the srings on the gym and jumping in the elastic bed in gym class.
men and women are balancing on th string and doing tricks making jumps.
A lady is feeding a baby ice cream in a car.
The lady hands the ice cream to the lady next to her and feed the baby something else.
The baby reaches for the food.
The baby reaches for the food again.
The lady wipes the babies face and stands her up.
We see the ladies talking.
A camera pans all around a fence while text is being shown across.
A person is shown in several shots spraying down the fence with a hose.
In the end more clips are shown of the fence.
A young child is seen adjusting the camera and showing off her face.
She grabs some makeup and begins putting it all over her face.
She continues putting on more makeup and showing it off to the camera.
A man in a red shirt holds onto a disc and skates down the ice.
He lets go of the disc and walks back.
Three men are interviewed, one of whom plays the piano and sings for the interviewer and his camera crew in a narrow hallway.
Four men are in a room, three of whom are being interviewed by the fourth man who has blonde hair, is wearing glasses, and has a camera crew with him.
The interviewer leads one of the men into the hallway to a piano, where the man has a seat.
The man begins to play and sing as the camera crew, interviewer and onlookers watch, before the man ends the song, gets up and walks away.
A title screen appears for a tutorial for hockey agility.
A hockey player goes through several routines showing agility warm ups with a hockey stick and puck and drills with tires, small cones.
Another title screen appear with a website just below it.
A wall is shown, covered in hanging tools.
A man is in a workshop, talking about roofing shingles.
He demonstrates how to apply glue, tile, and then hammer and nail the tiles into place.
A musician plays a set of drums on an elevated jumbo screen as a camera pans in and out on the performance.
A musician with a headset attached to his ears and over his mouth, begins to play a set of drums.
As the musician plays the drums the camera pans in for a closeup and then pans out.
The musician ends the performance, stands, and waives both sticks at the audience.
A girl in a dress is crossing monkey bars.
She gets to the end and steps on a rock.
A boy in a blue shirt stands behind her.
A boy does cartwheels and back hand springs on the grass as a friend watches and records.
He stops for a moment and takes a break then continues to do more flips.
Another guy comes onto the screen and attempts to do some flips on the grass.
Several men stand around a pinata.
A man spins a blindfolded man around.
The blindfolded man takes a few swings at the pinata.
A woman in red shirt laughs.
A person goes windsurfing on a lime green board in a body of water.
The person does a few spins.
An athletic man is seen running through a street in slow motion while the camera moves around his body.
The video then freezes on his feet to show text and ends with him holding his arms up into the air.
woman is sitting in front of a white table holding a halloween pumpkin.
woman holds a knife and and cut the pumpkin head and remove all the seeds from the inside.
woman daw the face with black markers and open the holes on the pumpkin.
A woman in a suit is talking to a camera.
A woman is putting contact lenses into her eyes.
Contact lenses are shown on a hand.
The woman in the suit continues talking to the camera.
An indoor barn is shown and a man is sitting on a horse.
The gates open and the man flies out with is lasso chasing after a black and white calf.
The man throws the rope and catches the calf,gets off,ties the cow up and returns back on top of the horse.
A man and a woman in a garage style weight room demonstrate how to lift a weight bar with the woman exhibiting the lifting of the weights.
A man in a black t-shirt and sandals stands next to a woman in a garage style weight room.
The woman picks up a weight bar using the knees to bend as the man talks and points to her muscle groups.
The woman hoists the bar above her head in a weight lifting move several times before lowering the bar back to the floor.
a group is playing soccer on a field.
The girls chase the ball, hitting it with sticks, trying to get it into the goal.
Kids are sitting in bumper cars.
They begin crashing into each other.
They stop and start getting out of their cars.
First a screen is shown, showing what song the man will be playing using the guitar.
Then the man is shown sitting down playing the guitar and he never looks up at the camera.
Finally the video ends and the only thing seen is darkness.
A man puts dog treats into another man's hand.
The man is walking a dog down the sidewalk.
Someone else is walking behind them.
We see an animation on the opening title screen.
A person washes and peels a potato.
The person rinses the person rinses the peeled potato in a bowl.
The person then dices the potato.
We then see the ending title screen.
A woman is video taping some men in a living room getting jackets on.
One of the men motions the the camera person to follow him as he grabs a broom and walks down a hall and out a door to a snow covered parking lot.
They walk out into the parking lot as another man comes outside.
The man with the broom brushes snow off of an SUV as another man does the same at a car next to him.
A woman is in a kitchen, wearing a dress and pregnant.
She is washing dishes in the sink and talking to the person with the camera.
She smiles as the camera zooms in on her right eye.
A man and woman are playing inside a racquetball court.
They are using racquets, balls, special shoes and protective glasses.
They show how to stand and hit the ball.
A man is sitting on the stairs talking.
He is standing over a sink.
He sprays the sink with a cleaning agent.
He takes a sponge and scrubs the inside of the sinks.
He turns the water on and sprays the hose around the sink.
He wipes the sink off with a towel.
The man is sitting on the stairs again.
A gymnast lift a weight until his shoulders, then lift it above his head.
The man left the weight fall on the floor.
A woman walks into a backyard, and flips her hair forward.
She brushes her hair for a long time, smoothing and tossing it.
She then walks away from the camera, continuing to brush.
She stands upright, then bends over to brush some more.
A large group of people are seen playing a game of volley ball with one another while moving around the beach.
Several shots are shown of the people wandering around one another playing the game back and fourth over the net and helping one another.
A tutorial is presented on how to do simple ballet moves.
After showing the materials, the teacher touches the student to show perfect form.
A couple of sumo wrestlers are on a stage.
They engage in a wrestling match together.
A please stand by sign appears as technical problems are encountered.
People are playing a game of water polo in a swimming pool.
A woman standing on the side of the pool is talking to the camera.
A man blows a whistle on the side of the swimming pool.
A man is seen riding a bike in slow motion with a flag in the back and leads into several clips of people of all ages riding bikes.
The people continuing riding around the dirt court while other stand ready on their bikes and interact with one another.
A man in red turban stands in a kitchen.
He pours some ingredients into a glass.
He explains his methods holding a spoon.
He then finishes the drink with a garnish.
Santa Cruz Nomad Bike company is demonstrating how to install a bike.
The company representative is putting together the bike parts piece by piece.
He starts with the main body and then goes to attach the wheels, the handle and the pedals.
Then he goes ahead and attaches the rubber tires.
After that he fixes the handles of the bike with black rubber tops.
He finally reinforces all the parts and ensures the bike is ready for use.
when he's done, he gets on the bike and rides it.
A man is seen sitting on a piece of exercise equipment moving himself back and fourth.
A dog walks around the man working and ends by the camera facing the ground.
People are playing a game of ping pong.
A man in a red shirt is playing with only one shoe on.
Words come onto the screen at the end.
A gymnast is seen looking off into the distance and standing before a set of uneven bars.
The man then jumps up onto the bars and begins swinging himself back and fourth.
The man continues to swing around and ends by jumping down.
A large multilayer red velvet cake is shown, along with the multitude of ingredients.
A hand turns on an oven, before mixing the ingredients together in a bowl.
Throughout, some random tidbits and facts are shared.
People playing a baseball game are shown on a large field with dozens of people watching on the side.
The people continue playing the game and ends with several players running of the field in the end.
We see an opening screen on white.
We then see people on tube playing in a river.
A boy in sunglasses floats past the camera.
A boy throws a peace sign to the camera.
People go over a waterfall in their rafts.
We see a bunch of people jump into the water.
A man has a few tools and is pumping his car up some so he can take off the tire.
He uses the tool to take off all of the nuts one by one.
Then he grabs the tire off and moves it over and he puts on another tire.
He does everything he did before but the opposite, putting the nuts back on in place to tighten the tire on, he then brings the car back down.
An eHow intro comes onto the screen with music in the background.
I man appears on the screen narrating the video about how to shave.
A man is shown getting his skin moisturized and having shaving cream buffed onto his face.
The video ends with the eHow closing credits.
The credits of the clip are shown.
A person rests his hands on the top of drums.
The person is playing the drums.
The person claps their hands.
The person puts his fingers together.
The credits of the clip are shown.
A young girl shows his long hair until the waist.
Then, a hairdresser cuts short the hair of the the young girl.
After, the girl shows her short and long hair and two braids.
Two men sit behind a table with a pumpkin on it.
A man smashes the pumpkin with a hammer.
He starts ripping out the seeds and handing them to the man next to him.
We see two opening title screens.
A lady sits on a bathtub and talks while playing with a dog.
The lady puts the dog in the water and washes him.
The lady adds more soap.
The lady rinses the dog and wraps in him in a mustard orange towel.
the lady sits and talks as the dog sits in her lap.
The ending credits roll up the screen.
A woman is talking to a camera inside a kitchen.
She turns on water, showing how to properly soap her hands.
She then rinses and dries them.
A man and woman biker are standing outside an event.
They get into a raft and push it into a river.
They ride the rapids, going over falls and paddling as they go.
A woman stands by a yellow hopscotch and talks to the camera.
The woman plays hopscotch on the painted concrete.
The woman talks to the camera once again.
A large group of players are lined up and seen speaking to one another.
They then move out onto the ice and begin skating around.
One man fist bumps another and ends by walking away.
A boy and girl in a karate uniform are playing in front of a camera.
They talk about how they earned their karate uniforms and what they like about karate.
The girl talks about her brother and more about karate.
The girl plays effects on her brother.
The girl does various karate moves for the camera.
Then the brother does several different karate moves for the camera.
A woman holds a box with UV light to light the handle of the refrigerator, her hand, the microwave oven and utensils.
Then, the woman wash and dry her hands and light a hand with the UV light.
After, the woman takes off her ring and wash and wash her hands with soap and rinse with water.
A man is surfing in rough ocean water,  riding on and against,  massive high waves while onlookers on motorboats watch and commentate.
The man, in a wetsuit, is standing and riding on a yellow surfboard and a red surfboard first on a calm wave and then on a series of large and high waves.
The man rides the rough waves on the surfboard with the waves at time covering his entire body and surfboard.
The man hugs and shakes hands with people upon completing the rough surf episode and rides one last lone, high wave before fading to black.
A man is buffing down his skis in a garage.
He changes position to give himself more leverage as he buffs.
He moves the shis to another location when he is done.
A person's hands are seen moving around a cat and trimming it's claws while the cat lays still and looks around.
The person then files the nails of the cat and zooms in on the cat's belly in the end.
The video begins with a little boy in a motorcycle helmet, in a restaurant.
The cameraman hands him skis.
A woman and baby come sit near him and he attempts to walk, only to fall.
Next are clips of the little boy skiing with his father down a snowy slope.
At one point, he glides on a small ramp.
He also faces a tumble.
Soon the boy and his family load their vehicle to leave.
The video ends with a picture of the little boy and his dad.
A man is playing the bagpipes in front of people.
The people on the couch in front of him start laughing.
There are two people sailing on a speed boat through the ocean on a sunny day.
They go through the ocean water steadily and at high speed.
One of the sailors pulls a red rope as he wake boards on the steam boat.
They speed through the water to catch up with another boat that is ahead of them.
Several other steam boats pass by them as they sail through the ocean.
A man bungee jumps from an elevated capsule into a body of water beneath him in a forest like environment.
A man in a blue shirt is strapped into a bungee jumping harness.
The man is then lifted into the air in a yellow capsule with a guide, high above a body of water.
The man then jumps out of the capsule and falls the distance between the capsule and the water and plops into the water.
A white screen appears and green letters appear in the middle of the screen and read "eHow"and changes to a blue screen that has a large white word that reads "health" under a small white square that contains the green eHow.
A man wearing athletic clothing is standing in an indoor gym doing some fighting exercises and when he stops to talk, a banner on the bottom left say his name is Steve Hess and he's a Personal Trainer.
While talking the man is also doing arm and leg movements and the camera is zoomed out to show his whole body.
When the man is done the same blue screen from the beginning appears and ends with the same white screen with the green eHow written in the middle.
Two people are seen sitting on shore while sitting in kayaks.
One person inches himself closer to the water and begins riding along down the river.
People are snowboarding down a hill of snow.
A man in red goggles is standing in the snow.
People are riding a ski lift up the mountain.
A woman walks through a snowy parking lot, looking for her car.
She is seen using a mop in an attempt to wipe the snow off her car.
Snow begins to fall as she continues cleaning.
A man is outside in a soccer field putting his equipment in a book bag.
Once the things are in his bags,he secures it with his straps and begins jumping up and down.
The main tasks begins and the man begins running through the woods.
All of a sudden,a small body of water is shown and people are tubing and sitting down enjoying each other.
An older man with a long ponytail and a pair of glasses is outside kneeling near a bike.
The man has a pair of blue pliers in his hand and begins fixing the chain on the bike.
Once the chain is on,he begins moving the pedal and demonstrates how the chain is operating.
After awhile,he stops the chain and begins to take two links out of the chain on the bike.
As the chain begins to hang down,the man puts it back in the right place and begins to spin the back wheel and begins to talk when he is finished.
A woman sits by a window knitting a white piece.
The woman holds up a pattern book with an image of the piece she is working on.
The woman continues her knitting.
The woman shows off her work so far and continues knitting.
A woman in a blue shirt stands next to a brown horse.
She holds onto the horses red lead.
She is brushing the side of the horse.
She steps away from the horse and bends down.
She picks up a larger brush and begins brushing the horse again.
She is brushing the horses face and neck.
She is brushing the horses front leg in a downward motion.
Two people are seen moving around a kitchen quickly performing various tasks and sitting down.
They then wax down a ski in the kitchen while continuing to move around.
A doctor is speaking while a nurse sits next to him in a medical office.
He holds up a bottle of cleanser, and uses a rag to wipe it onto the woman's face, before wiping it clean again.
It is also rubbed into her hands.
A man is dancing on a stage in white pants.
Two people start dancing together on a stage.
A man does several back flips on the stage.
A person is playing a drum.
A woman is seen bending over a sink with a small child next to her.
The woman and child stick their hands under a sink to wash them off.
The woman dries the girls hands in the end and shows her putting lotion on.
A diving is seen standing ready with his arms out to the side.
The man then performs an impressive dive and is followed by several clips of other people diving.
A man is seen holding a flag while others stand around him and a runner comes into frame.
The runner takes several jumps and lands into a pit all in slow motion.
A little boy runs across a hopscotch on the ground.
He returns to the beginning, and tries to jump.
He hops all the way to the end.
People are sledding down a snowy hill on an inner tube.
They stop at the bottom of the hill.
Several tubes are on a rope going up a hill.
People are sledding down a hill on an inner tube again.
An older woman is seen sitting in a chair knitting while holding two needles and leads into her showing off her knitting basket and speaking to the camera.
The woman continues speaking while holding the knitting tools and ends by fading to black.
A man in a gym walks over to a barbell.
The man lifts the barbell to his chest, then over his head.
The man drops the weight.
The man hugs the men behind him.
A man in red runs and jumps on the weight lifting man.
The man in red walks away laughing.
Several children stand in front of a cage.
A women is inside with a tiger.
The children pull on a rope that against the tiger.
They let go of the rope at the end.
A man is seated cross legged watching a show.
A man is kneeling in front of the crowd, talking.
He continues talking as the crowd is enraptured, listening to his every word.
A woman and a man are dancing on a stage.
There is a band playing behind them.
There is an audience sitting in chairs clapping for them.
A woman bakes cookies on a silicone mat.
The ingredients are prepared and cookies are cut.
A man is sitting in a chair on the beach and is approached by another man, the first man gets up and applies lotion to the second man.
A woman and a man are sitting on a towel at the beach and a man approaches.
The sitting man gets up and puts lotion on the man who approached.
Five guys are laying on the beach when a woman approaches them.
One man gets up and applies lotion to the womans back.
Five guys are laying on towels at the beach and a man approaches them.
A girl is seen talking to the camera with her hand on her hip and leads into her holding up various ingredients.
She then mixes the ingredients together on a slice of bread and creates a sandwich while pouring chips out onto the side.
She then presents the plate while speaking to the camera and holding up various liquids.
A female news woman is talking to the camera in a news room.
Another woman shows off a series of cleaning supplies.
She instructs on how to use them, but not to mix certain elements.
She pours the liquids into cups and changes into a sprayer bottle for cleaning a kitchen.
A baby girl is sitting next to all of her toys eating an ice cream very messily.
Her mom takes the ice cream away from her and she starts to cry .
Her mom gives her back the ice cream and she is happy again, back to eating it.
She plays with her toys with her sticky ice cream fingers and her ice cream in the other hand.
A woman is sitting down wearing green sunglasses.
She is talking on the cell phone.
She is riding in a car.
She is laying on a chair getting her foot tattooed.
She is showing her foot tattoo.
She is sitting outside talking again.
The screen is black and we see a ballerina dance across the stage spilling feathers.
The person moves it's head like a chicken.
The person does a shuffle and dance then falls to the ground before getting up and dancing more.
The person puts their hands in a prayer pose.
The person picks up feathers off the ground and sprinkles them around then dances and falls to the ground and the scene ends.
People are flying kites on grass.
The kites are shown in the sky.
A woman is holding a purple umbrella.
People are walking around in a park.
A young male is sitting in the desert on top of a camel.
The man begins talking to another male who has a red wrap on his head.
The camel then lifts up and begins walking throughout the desert towards a group of kids and cars.
A woman is seen walking with a horse and pans around to another girl walking away.
More girls are seen holding a product and speaking to the camera and leads into the girls showing how to clean the horse and brushing the horse.
A bald man in gray shirt is standing at the playground, he walked towards the monkey bars and started to pull himself up and down, he walked towards a lower pole and started to pull himself up while his legs are stretched down.
He walked back to the monkey bar and pull himself up and down, his legs are moves from side to side then pull him up and down.
An athlete is seen standing ready holding a javelin and throwing it off into the distance.
Several more people are seen throwing a javelin with their throw being shown again afterwards.
The camera pans around the woman in the end and shows off their score.
4 men are in a square doing break dance while people is gathered around them watching them dance and do tricks in front of a lot of stores.
names of the break dancers are shown in the screen.
Pictures of people's hair is shown.
A woman in a pink shirt has pictures of her hair.
Words come on the screen at the end.
A blue page with white writing explains that the video is about how to wrap a present.
Scissors and different types of tape are shown, as well as a roll of wrapping paper.
A woman is on the floor with a box.
She demonstrates how to cut and fold the paper around the present.
She tapes the present shut.
She then places a translucent bow on the gift.
A girl runs down a track in slow motion.
She takes a huge jump, hurling herself over a bar.
She is shown performing the act again in slow motion.
A camera pans around a dark kitchen and leads to the person walking down a set of stairs.
Clothes are seen on the floor followed by a woman in curlers smoking a cigarette and playing on the computer.
She speaks to the camera and gets a shot of her and the camera man together.
We see a red opening screen.
Men pole vault in an outdoor field.
A mans's face on the left of the screen moves back and out of the shot.
The camera angle changes and we continue to watch the men pole vault.
A weightlifter stands on a wooden platform in a gym room and lifts heavily weighted bar bells above his head, several times while surrounded by onlookers.
A weightlifter lifts over three bar bells above his head squatting under the weight as other gym attendees look on as he hoists the weight above his head and then allows the bell to fall to the floor.
The man performs several more lifts of the bell bending at the knees first and then hoisting the bell to the shoulders before throwing the weight on the floor.
The man shakes  hands and hugs the onlookers when through with the demonstration.
A man in a crowded garage with lots of tools speaks to the camera as he holds a piece of paper.
He taps a paper, continuously, on a iron type tool and brushes the paper against a long piece of wood.
He puts down the piece of paper and takes the iron tool straight to the piece of wood.
He picks up a paper towel and presses the iron against the piece of wood with one hand while using the other hand to drag a paper towel over the ironed areas of the board.
He places the iron down.
He takes the paper towel and quickly cleans the piece of wood.
1 A camera man watches men on bikes that are about to race.
2 The race begins with the guys on bikes.
3 One man wipes out.
4 The race ends and the guys take their bikes.
A group of people play water volleyball in a indoor pool with a few onlookers on the sidelines.
A yellow volleyball is thrown between people in a pool.
A person makes a goal with the yellow volleyball in a white net.
The ball is thrown to the other side of the pool where another goal is met in a white net on the opposite side of the pool.
A group of people riding bumper cars.
The attendant crosses the course dodging the bumper cars.
The attendant hops onto a girls car and helps her maneuver the car.
The attendant continues running across the course assisting drivers while the the other drivers continue to crash into each other.
A woman washes a pot with soapy water while standing with her back to the camera at the kitchen sink.
The woman turns and talks to the camera while washing the pot and smiles a bit as the camera shakily catches the activity.
The woman rinses the pot off and then turns and holds it up in the air, dripping water, making a scary face, as if she is going to attack the camera man with it, but then turns away from the camera man and toward the sink counter.
A backyard seen appears with several people outside.
The people are playing a game of croquette, taking turns with the bat and hitting the balls.
A camera pans around a large indoor pool and shows a man jumping off a diving board into the water.
Several people are shown warming up and followed up by many jumping into the pool.
A man instructs them on how to properly land in the water followed by several people jumping one at a time into the pool, including the camera man.
"How to start a campfire with FiAir" appears on screen.
Wildlife Biologist Bryon Shissler sits outside by a campfire pit and speaks to the camera.
He builds and lights a fire in the pit using the FiAir device.
"FiAir The handly little blower to feed your fires" appears on screen.
A man is seen swimming in a pool holding various objects in his hands and showing how to put them on.
He then swims down the pool with a breast stroke to the end and works his way back.
a person begins to solve  a rubix cube.
They start turning it in all directions.
They have solved the rubix cube.
We see an opening screen on white.
We see a lady sitting on the floor with a shoe, bucket of water, brush and soap.
The lady shows us the items one at a time.
We see an illustration of a thermometer.
We see an illustration of a washer.
The lady puts her shoe in the bucket and scrubs it with a the brush.
She shows us the already cleaned shoe.
We see a radiator illustration.
The lady picks up the soap and we see an illustration of a shelf.
The ending title screen plays.
A man stands on a dock wearing a green shirt.
He then rides a boat with a sail.
He steers it through the lake.
He stands on the dock again at the end.
The video begins with a title sequence.
Several clips of baseball players are shown playing the game.
At one point it shows a player arguing with a referee.
The video ends with another title sequence.
A man in a white jacket picks up an iron.
He places tin foil down onto a table.
He puts bread on the tin foil with butter and cheese.
He puts the iron on the sandwich.
He opens the tin foil and cuts the sandwich in half.
He takes a bit of the sandwich.
A man and woman are standing an a kitchen.
The woman is chopping up various vegetables on a white tray.
A man wearing a hat is seen putting on gloves and starting up a machine in some tall grass.
The man then moves the machine all along the grass to cut it down.
He pauses for a moment to speak to the camera and raises his hands up.
People are playing cricket together outside.
A group of people hold up a trophy.
People are walking around outside playing cricket.
A boy is twirled around and prepared to break a pinata.
Instead he hits a girl in the face.
People are sitting work out machines.
They begin pulling a rope to work out.
A woman is standing next to a work out machine.
A man is seen kneeling down to a tire an then places it on a machine.
He continues to use the machine to take the rubber off of the tire and ends by placing it back down.
We see men playing soccer in the sand.
The ball enters and everyone runs towards the ball.
A man on the right kicks the ball into the goal.
The men in red all high five.
We see an Asian script on the title screen.
We see food on a table and a lady picking at a potato.
The potato is cut, then dropped in a pot.
It's transferred to cold water and the skin just slides off when pulled.
We see a red illustration on a potato and a potato is mashed.
Two more potatoes are peeled easily, Another potato is boiled and dropped in cold water.
A large group of people are seen sitting on bicycles exercising with one another.
A woman speaks to the camera while more shots are shown of people riding.
A woman leads the class as well as speaks to the camera and others riding around.
Two kids are seen playing a game of shuffleboard on the side of a boat while the camera watches.
The kids continue taking turns while running up and down the path on the boat.
The little girl who's wearing a rainbow sweater is shown sitting in the sand making a huge hill of sand.
Next she looks up and says something.
she then keeps adding more sand to the hill.
then a little boy joins her and just touches the hill, but walks away.
He then comes back again to point at the hill.
The credits of the clip are shown.
A guy raises a metal ball above his head, spins with a metal ball, and releases the metal ball.
A guy cheers after releasing the metal ball.
The score board is shown.
A person is seen sitting in a chair and leads into her peeling a potato with a knife.
The person then finishes peeling the potatoes and putting it down.
A woman is seated in a chair in a dining room.
She shows off her bare feet and their shape.
She then puts on and tries to lace her shoes around the swollen feet.
A girl walks into a room, seeing sheet music at a piano.
She opens the piano and begins to play.
She thinks about a couple while she is playing.
A girl is seen listening to music and transitions into her performing a dance routine outside on a walk way.
She continues dancing around while smiling to the camera and ends by walking away and giving two peace signs to the camera.
