A man and woman are standing at a counter with a pineapple.
The man ripped the top of the pineapple.
The man sliced the top off the pineapple.
The man cut the pineapple in half.
The man cut the skin off the pineapple.
A person is raking leaves into a pile.
A little boy is picking up the leaves and playing in the pile.
The boy picks up a rake and starts raking the leaves.
A man shows how to change a tube in a tire.
He takes the old tube out, puts the new one in, then pumps it up.
White text says the video is about how to make a belly cake.
Two pieces of wrapped chocolate cake are shown as a hand adjusts and touches them.
Instructions appear at the bottom of the screen before fondant baby parts are shown being placed after the cake is frosted.
The cake is complete as a woman's stomach with a baby foot protruding from her dress.
Two children are seen sitting in a tub rubbing their faces and another person's hands interacting.
The boy continues to rub water all over his face as well as play with toys and smile at the cameraman.
A close up of a person's feet are shown sitting in a chair.
The person then bends forward and begins putting shoes on.
He finishes putting shoes on and gets up to walk away.
A person is clearing snow with a red snow plow.
They push the snow to the side in a pile.
They finish plowing the driveway.
A woman is seen looking at the camera and holding up a piece of makeup.
She then takes out her contacts and holds up another container.
She then puts another set of contacts in and smiles to the camera.
Two teams play soccer in an indoor soccer court, the team wearing white t-shirt wins the competition.
The player scores and celebrate with a teammate.
Other teams plays soccer, a player with white uniform receives a ball and score.
Two teams play soccer, and the player with the yellow uniform scores.
Two team of girls compete, a girl with red uniform scores and the team wins.
Then, a player with a white uniform scores with a spectacular movement.
A roofing commercial demonstrates how to fix a slate roof on a house.
A man cuts parts on a folding table outside and then installs a slate on a roof using power tools and tools from his tool belt.
The man installs copper pieces to the slate roof that protrude from the roof.
The man then cuts a copper pipe and does some soldering to the edges of a hole in the copper pipe before the camera cuts again to the roof and then a marketing graphic.
A woman is in a kitchen, talking.
She is showing off an array of sandwich toppings.
She places meat and cheese on bread, then closes the sandwich.
A little in a pink shirt is going across the monkey bars.
She hangs upside down from the bars.
She smiles at the camera.
A woman is seen kneeling down on a yoga mat while bending forward.
The woman then moves her leg out in front of her and bends down further creating a stretch.
A young girl is seen sitting on a bed speaking to the camera and leads into her performing gymnastic tricks on a trampoline.
More shots are shown of several girls performing various flips and tricks on a gym floor and ending with a group of girl doing cheerleading lifts.
On a track, a runner gets ready to perform.
He runs and skips along the way, jumping high at the end.
He walks along the track after being finished.
The man runs and jumps again.
The runner talks to someone.
People stand around in a room.
People do karate while some play the drums.
The karate opponents shake hands and hug.
Various shots of landscapes are shown that interments with people riding in a large raft.
At one point the raft flips over the men riding down the river.
More shots of people riding down the river are shown as well as people speaking to the camera.
A young man prepares to complete a routine on the parallel bars.
Many people are in bleachers in the background walking around, sitting and watching.
The young man uses a spring board to mount the bars.
A man standing nearby pulls the spring board out of the way.
Several judges sit at a table in front of the bleachers watching.
The young man completes his parallel bar routine.
The young man then dismounts, lands and bows.
He walks away as another man in the same uniform approaches.
A white screen is shown and several words are shown on the screen.
Then a blue mat is shown and an individual begins sweeping and laying the blue mat against the mat.
The man takes out a measuring tape and cuts off a piece of the blue mat and continues covering the floor.
A bald man is standing in an industrial building with a lot of glass on the ceiling.
The male's friend then grabs a bar and begins lifting weights and jerking.
All of the actions continue but with different people as various people step up to grab the bar.
The credits of the clip are shown.
A polished hands takes a piece of tape.
The polished hands puts a piece of tape at the edge of a brown object.
The hand paints turquoise polish on the tape.
The hand cuts the the polished tape in strips.
The hand puts the strip on a polished nail.
The hand paints the nail with clear nail polish.
The hand rubs a soaked cotton ball on a fingernail so the polish is removed.
The credits of the video are shown.
A wind surfer surfs against heavy waves.
The surfer flings his board against a wave, flying high into the air.
The surfer lands back on the waters and resumes his surf.
A person sets a piece of wall paper in place and lines it op with the other pieces.
The wall paper is cut with sheers to the proper size.
The man checks the wall paper then peels off an adhesive strip on the back.
The wall paper is attached to the wall and smoothed down by hand.
The person uses a towel to flatten out the wall paper.
The wallpaper is cut at the bottom and creased against the floorboard.
The wall paper is cut and creased along the ceiling.
A person blows leaves using a leaf blower.
Then, an area without leaves are shown next to the trees.
A hockey player talks in an interview on tv.
Several stills of him playing ice hockey are shown as he talks.
He continues talking as the pictures flash across the screen.
A person is seen riding a bike down a long road followed by a large camel off in the distance.
The animal moves closer while the camera zooms in the three people riding on the top the camel and passing by more riding camels.
A fluffy dog is standing on a sidewalk with a child behind it.
The dog begins walking on the sidewalk and closely behind him a child is riding on a scooter as the dog walks.
A young boy pushes a vacuum cleaner in the kitchen of a home.
The mother points underneath the furniture with her hand then foot directing the boy.
The boy pushes the vacuum cleaner into the hallway and vacuums the area.
A close up of a fooseball table is seen followed by people holding onto the sides.
The people play the game back and fourth while the camera captures their movements.
The men continue playing on the table and the video fades to white.
A woman in an orange shirt is sitting on an exercise machine.
She begins working out on the exercise machine.
People are walking past a window behind her.
woman is in a lake windsurfing with a red windsurf.
other people are in the back windsurfing in the lake.
sailboat is standing in the back of people windsurfing.
A close up of a pool table is shown followed by a man hitting the ball.
The man the celebrates and shakes the hands of the opponent.
He walks around the audience celebrating with them and walks back to his bag.
An assortment of teams male and female are lined up outside of a building then they are let in.
In the building,there are multiple pool tables and a man begins instructing them on what to do.
Different people begin hitting the balls and the instructor goes over to help them.
A man is seated on a bench in a park.
He is playing an old accordian.
He pushes it closed and open as he plays on the keyboard.
A lady kneels in front of bushes and talks.
The lady uses gardening shears to trim the bush.
The lady stands and trims the bushes.
The lady kneels down again and continues to talk to the camera.
A tree is seen by the side of a road.
A man shows how to mulch around the bottom of the tree.
He spreads the mulch evenly as he gives directions.
A man is throwing a blue frisbee and a dog is chasing after it.
The dog is jumping over the man kneeling down on the grass.
They continue to play frisbee with the dog.
people are in a camp with a lot of camels sitting on the floor.
a men is riding a camel and starts walking in the dessert passing by the piramids while a man is leading them with a rope.
the camels stops and a man is taking a picture.
men are riding camels in the dessert.
A still shot picture of an omelette being poured out of a pan and onto a white plate appears and the white text on it say's "How to make an omelette".
A white screen with a clipart of red lion wearing a crown appears and the blue words "British Lion Quality are around he lion.
A woman is now in the kitchen standing in front of a pan on a stove, she turns the oven on, grabs a large measuring cup and begins cracking eggs into it then adds various other ingredients to the eggs, and then whisks it all up.
The woman then puts butter in the pan, melts it all around, then pours her egg mix into the pan.
The woman grabs her wooden spatula and starts manipulating the eggs in the pan making sure it doesn't stick and that it cooks thoroughly.
The woman then takes the egg to the white plate and folds it onto it then adds a handful of greens next to it.
A white screen appears with the red clipart lion in the middle and the blue words "British Lion Quality" going around it.
A camera pans around a room and leads into a room rubbing paper down and putting a box in the middle.
The woman wraps the box up in paper and pushing in the sides.
She tapes up the sides and uses a ribbon to tie the box up and ends by unwrapping it and showing what's inside.
A person moves poker cards and tokens on the table in a casino on front people.
A client tap with the finger inside a square.
Then, the person stacks all the cards and puts the tokens inside the squares.
Then people start to gamble, while the woman distribute the cards and pick up tokens.
After, the client shows with the hand, then the person make gestures with the hand showing the table.
Next the woman pick up the cards.
A man is seen kneeling down next to a dog scrubbing his back while another man pours water over the dog's body.
The man continues scrubbing as the other pours water and ends with the dog running away.
Several screens are shown of bright orange lettering on a black background.
A man and a woman are standing upright in a pool, and the man is showing the woman swimming techniques.
The woman begins to emulate the man's actions, moving her arms and dipping her head under the water.
The man shows her how to swim outward by doing so himself.
The woman watches as he swims away.
A woman is holding a baby in her lap as a woman next to her uses a plastic comb to brush his hair.
She talks to the baby as she brushes, and the baby watches her intently.
An older video of bad quality begins to play and there are white words on red blocks that read "Leichtathletik leicht gemacht Diskus".
A disc is flying through the air and lands on a field, then a still shot picture of a naked man holding a disc briefly appears until another clip plays of a man on a large field throwing a disc.
A man is now sitting on a field and the words on the screen say that he is "Lars Riedel" and under it the word "Olympiasieger", and it shows him talking while switching back and forth to clips of a man on a field is holding a disc on the field, swinging it and then throwing it.
The still shot picture of the naked man holding the dickus shows up again and then goes back to clips of the man who is now just walking on the field.
People dive in the water wearing diving suit, small and big fishes swim near the divers.
The diver kneel on the sea floor waving their hands.
Manta fish and a big fish swim in the water.
The divers stands and continue swimming in the water.
The word curling appears on the screen numerous times.
A woman is shown having her hair dried, brushed, and curled by a specialist.
He places her hair is rollers, then takes them down and styles it.
Then she poses with her new hair style.
A young girl is seen moving quickly around a horse brushing it's sides.
She brushes all over the horse while another horse walks in and out of frame.
She continues to brush the horse while the camera captures her movements.
We see a bartender behind a bar add ice to a glass.
The man pours three liquors into a glass and shakes it up.
The man pours it in a glass and adds soda.
The man squeezes a lemon, stirs in the glass and transfers it to a smaller glass.
The man adds a straw and presents the glass to us.
A man is shown standing in front of a blue background as many harmonicas are shown and he starts playing them.
He is then shown speaking into the camera and going into detail with regards to the products features.
He shows off how many he has in his coat and continues talking.
He is then shown playing another harmonica as he gives instruction on it.
He speaks some more and shows his harmonica again as the video goes to an end title screen that reads Howcast original".
A male and female dance duo are in the middle of a ballroom floor surrounded by people preparing to dance; however,the music doesn't start and they are delayed.
They then begin to dance and shuffle their feet across the tile and spin each other around.
The both then do a split,finish the routine and go out to mingle with the crowd.
A man is engaged in a pool competition.
He shoots the stick at the balls, making them go into the corner pockets.
When he wins, he high fives another man.
A young boy roller blades off a ramp and onto another ramp.
The boy speeds off onto a ramp and jumps off it, landing on the cement.
Later, the boy roller blades onto another ramp.
The young boy is seen in another outfit, performing spins at the end of his roller blading.
The boy roller blades criss cross style around some orange cones.
The boy does it again, this time weaving in and out of the cones.
A lacrosse team huddles and then practices.
A baby is shown and then there are people interviewed.
A helmet is shown and more interviews are conducted.
Two men outside in the woods while one man wearing a knit cap balances on a rope tied across two trees while one man with a black beard supports the man with the knit cap.
The man with the beard releases the man on the rope and moves away.
A man in a green hoodie balances on the rope while the man in the beard supports the man on the rope.
A Man in a grey  shirt pushes off of a man wearing a black shirt and performs a back somersault and lands firmly on the leaf covered ground.
A boy is sitting in a chair behind a counter.
A girl comes up next to him and tries to feed him cereal.
He starts throwing darts at a dartboard.
A man and a woman are arm wrestling on a table.
A woman in a white shirt walks past them.
The woman wins and walks away.
A black male majorette begins walking through the drum line with his baton.
As he makes his way to the front of the band,he bgeins to twirl the baton and move across the field and takes his pants off.
Underneath his pants is a pair of sparkly shorts and he continues to dance, doing turns,tricks,kicks,splits,and popping as the band plays.
People are sitting in a car.
They are standing around a large inflatable raft.
They are rafting in choppy water of a river.
There's a woman doing a tutorial on how to use a curling iron on a model's hair.
She takes sections of the model's hair one at time and puts it into the curling iron and then releases it gradually to pull out the curls.
She continues the process till the entire head of hair is curled with the iron.
The model then smiles and takes a selfie while looking in the mirror.
A man dressed in yellow and black winter clothes ice fishes on a a frozen lake.
The man is reeling in a fish for a long time.
The mans catch finally reaches the surface.
A young girl is seen performing a belly dancing routine in front of a large group of people.
The girl continues swinging her arms and legs around in front of the audience and ends by bowing and blowing a kiss.
A man walks onto a field in front of his dog.
He throws a frisbee, and the dog catches it.
He does several tricks with the frisbees and the dog.
A woman is seen working out with a man and leads into her speaking to the camera.
She then steps back and fourth on a board moving her legs around and continuing to speak to the camera.
She then hops around the camera and bit and ends by still speaking to the camera.
Step by step instructions to make creamy pasta, first putting the pasta into boiling water and stirring it.
Then in another pan adding sausage and onions and stirring it all together.
Adding tomatoes and heavy cream to make it pasty.
Finally adding the pasta to it, along with some cheese and parsley flakes and mixing it all together.
A class room is filled with students either sitting or standing.
Suddenly, a group of boys begin to run around the classroom smiling, marching in place, and doing some dancing and exercises while the rest of the sitting class look on.
The boys spread apart and end their routine then they walk towards one another while smiling.
A man is sitting next to several small trees.
He pulls some leaves off of the trees.
He takes scissors and cuts some leaves off the tree.
There are a bunch of children standing around a table and the main focus is a boy who is cutting stuff on a blue tray.
The boy walks away from the tray and an adult starts cutting.
The adult stops cutting and another boy begins to cut the objects very slowly,the adult interrupts the child to demonstrate how to cut and the child walks away.
A chef demonstrates how to cut and chop several vegetables as he prepares an asian inspired meal.
A chef in a white chefs outfit in a kitchen, boils potatoes and onions in a pot.
The chef talks to the camera and takes a series of vegetables and chops them up on a counter.
The chef then puts the vegetables along with some oil into a bowl and sticks two large chopsticks in to showcase the finished product.
A woman is standing in the sunlight, posing and modeling for the camera.
She shows off her natural hair, then demonstrates how to style it using a blow out.
A man is swimming backward in lake water.
The two men shown begin water skiing.
They lose their gopro device, and have to scuba to find it, taking more than two weeks to locate the still working device.
A man is seen with a rope in his mouth and rides in on a horse immediately roping a calf.
He throws the calf down and ties him up, followed by several other men performing the same trick at different speeds.
A family is shown doing mouthwash.
One woman tries to laugh and is successful in not spitting it up.
The army are lined up, they are divided into four groups, they started to do war practice by shooting by group with paint gun, they hide among the stone walls and vacant cars.
The army grab their paint guns on the table and loaded them with paint balls.
A man is seen blindfolded while holding a stick and two others around him.
The man then swings violently at the pinata as someone moves it higher and then drops the pinata right above his head.
A man sets up a camera in a bar.
The man then talks to the camera.
The man shoots pool alone.
The bearded man walks past the table.
The man finishes and talks to the camera before turning it off.
A man is seen standing before an exercise beam and begins moving himself on the bars while others practice around him.
The man continues to workout on the beam and pauses to speak to the camera while using his hands.
A man is trying to balance himself on a rope, he walks on it and does a flip off.
He gets back on the rope and does another back flip off.
He grips the the rope super tight with his feet while he walks across.
He has trouble balancing on it, starts going backwards.
A man stands in front of a set of pull up and double bars at a park.
The man does shoulder dips on the set of parallel bars.
The man does push ups with his feet up on the parallel bars.
The man does pull ups on one of the bars.
The man walks back up in front of the equipment after the routine.
man is in a oofed gym stretching his leg and doing exercise in front of a chair.
the man bend the other leg and stretch it.
There are two people dressed in red shirts and blue shorts playing ping pong in a large stadium with lots of spectators watching them.
The players play a long round of ping pong as they continue to maintain a great rally.
The player on the right slices the ball across the ping pong table as he returns the ball to his opponent.
The opponent manages to return the ball without missing it.
They continue to play a great rally as one of the players literally jumps on the ping pong table to return the ball.
The other player falls down on the ground trying to hit the ball back to his opponent.
A group of men are pulled on an inflatable hot dog which make a swift turn causing them to fall of.
People on water skis and inter tubes have comical crashes while being pulled along in the water.
A boy on skis holds onto a tug rope on a dock and is pulled over falling in the water.
A large group on inter tubes are pulled on tug ropes in the water then hit a large wave and flip into the air.
A man on a boat jumps ship after an item with the boat still moving.
A close up is shown of an image on a cell phone.
A male gymnast runs, flipping back and forth across a mat.
He is then shown flipping far into the air before standing before the cheering crowd.
A curtain is seen, and a belly dancer walks onto the stage.
She performs for the audience, shaking her hips and sucking her belly in and out.
When she finishes, she throws her arms into the air and the screen goes black.
A person shaves the back legs of a man using a shaver while he is lying face down.
Then the man turns face up, and the person starts to shave the legs.
After, the person uses a machine on the legs, and then a picture shows the legs before and after shave.
A small group of people are seen standing inside a fenced in area with a man sitting on a horse.
The man rides into the pit and chases a calf with a rope.
The man ties up the calf after it's caught and climbs back on the horse while another unties the calf.
men are walking to a bike shop and talks with the man inside.
they are assembling different pieces of the bike.
man says goodbye and leaves the shop and get home where man carry the bike and put it in a living room.
man is wriing on white papers and is fixing the bike on the garage.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while holding up a cigarette.
The man takes several puffs out of the cigarette while still looking back to the camera.
He continues smoking and looking back up to the camera.
A lady in a bra and panties grabs and throws a shotput.
IT goes through a window on a house and a cat runs.
The man looks outside and sees the lady.
the lady uses a pole to pole vault into the second story window and jump on the man.
We see the title screen and the man's pants fly out the window.
The woman in black uniform threw the javelin ball.
The small woman with yellow shirt and black sleeves threw the ball.
The woman in white shirt and black pants stretched for a bit then threw the ball.
The athletes one by one threw the javelin ball while on the sides are people who measures how far the it was thrown.
A treadmill is shown, then a woman, using the treadmill in the living room is shown, she is wearing blue top and black shorts.
She adjusted the monitor, then a treadmill adjustments and meters are shown with numbers on it.
People are playing lacrosse on a field of grass.
A man in a white shirt is talking to the camera.
A girl then talks to the camera.
Pink water bottles are in a box.
They walk onto the field and start playing.
A woman hands from a red bar and does several arm pull ups.
She then uncrosses her legs and jumps down with her hands at her side.
A Life Fitness logo then flashes on the screen.
A large group of people are seen playing around a gymnasium throwing balls at one another and bouncing around.
The people continue throwing balls when one hits the camera and shows a persons face.
The game continues on with the people throwing balls around and people watching on the sides.
A person is seen running along the road wearing equipment and speaking to the camera.
The man runs around using strings as well as speaking to the camera.
The man continues speaking while more shots are shown of him running.
A woman is seen kneeling over a bucket on an old tv show.
She is seen washing clothes in the bucket while looking off into the distance.
She sighs to herself in exhaustion and continues washing the clothes when a shot of a washing machine is shown.
A man is talking and standing in a kitchen wearing a white robe and a lot of colorful vegetables in front of him.
Now the vegetables are gone and the man is now scooping something from a little bowl onto a white plate that is sitting on a wooden cutting board.
The man then begins to break the contents up with his utensil and then his hands until they are into separate pieces.
two men are riding horses in a dusty field in mountains.
men and a woman wearing Kufiyyas on their heads are standing on dessert next to horses.
dessert with mountains in the distance is shown and the men are standing next to a kids ride the horses adn are going in the desert.
We see a track with people standing around.
We see a man with a javelin run.
The man returns and we see another javelin thrower with him.
A man in red and white runs down a track and performs a high jump.
The camera is lowered and covered by a hand.
Two men are outdoors on a sidewalk, playing drums with their bare hands.
A large crowd crosses the sidewalk as they complete the show, and the man on the left stands upright.
A still picture of an individual's back is shown.
Some sort of item is shown in close up.
A man and a woman talk to the camera in a newscast setting.
Scenes of summer beach goers are shown in a news report context.
A man is shown walking near a boat with dogs.
The man is shown near a grill.
A quick cut of a the item from before is shown up close.
The man is interviewed while seated, with a quick cut of him walking.
The man removes his shirt.
More close up scenes of the item are shown.
Still images and video of skin damage are shown.
The man talks in an indoor environment.
Another still image of the item is shown.
The man is interviewed seated again.
A still screen of text is shown.
A different man talks to the camera while a logo is shown beside him.
A webpage about the first man is shown.
Two people lift a large weight over their heads.
They drop the weight to the ground.
The weights are shown on each side.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while holding up a harmonica.
The man blows into the instrument while pausing to speak to the camera.
He continues playing the instrument and stopping to speak to the camera.
A man is seen sitting behind a desk working on a computer.
Several shots are shown of people printing off paper as well as paper close up.
More clips are shown of people hanging up the wallpaper as well as shots of the city.
People drive bumper cars in a carnival.
A little girl follows a boy in a yellow bumper car.
Then, the  boy and the girl hit other bumper cars.
A woman slaps her cheek as she prepares on a field.
She swings a ball around several times.
She lets go, letting the ball fly through the air.
A blindfolded man swings at a pinata with a bat while others look on from nearby seats.
The man succeeds in breaking the pinata.
The man removes his blindfold as some of the others approach him.
kid is sitting in a red room talkin to the camera.
the kid grabs a guitar and start playing it and singing.
kid is playing the guitar and talking to the camera in a small room.
A woman in a blue shirt spins around and throws a ball onto the field.
Another person comes and throws a disk onto the field.
People are standing at the side of the field is watching.
A man is looking all over for his dog.
He said he paid his dog 10 dollars to cut the grass and now he's gone.
He finally finds the dog who is driving the riding lawn mower.
According to the owner, the dog is asking for a raise.
He continues mowing in not very straight lines as the other dogs watch.
Two kids are seen standing around in indoor room holding tennis rackets.
The camera pans around to children hitting the ball holding tennis rackets.
The kids continue to hit the ball around one another.
The video starts with several people playing shuffleboard on a shuffleboard court.
One person makes a shot with a black puck.
The next person makes a shot with a yellow puck.
The people continue to alternate shots between a yellow and a black puck.
We see a few opening screens.
We see a lady performs a baton routine in a arena.
The lady spins and catches her baton.
The lady flips forwards and backwards and catches her baton.
The lady spins and catches her baton again.
The lady flips multiple times and catches her baton before posing.
The crowd claps and the lady waves.
A person is riding on  a dirt bike.
He sets up for a race.
He starts racing on his dirt bike.
Text appears on the screen as it fades.
The words "Women's Artistic Gymnastics (WAG)" appear on a red screen.
"Code of Points 2013-2016" appear briefly.
Clips of Chellsie Memmel performing gymnastics olympic trials are shown.
Various stats from her performance are shown on screen.
A man wearing a hat is seen holding up a harmonica and begins playing with his hands.
He continues playing the instrument to the camera and ends with him putting the instrument down then holding it up again.
A man is seen riding down on a skateboard while the camera follows his movements.
The man skates around the street through obstacles and down the street.
More people continue riding down the street while the camera follows them.
A man is tying a yellow belt around the waist of a taller man who shakes his hand and then shakes everyone else.
The man and another begin to do some karate moves against one another but they rarely make physical contact.
There is a group of men standing around them watching them.
When they  are finished, they take all take a group photo together.
A man wearing a ghost shirt is playing a game of beer pong.
He lines up four cups, throwing the balls into the cups.
He continues until all the balls have gone into the cups perfectly.
We see the opening credits on a black screen.
We then see a man coaching a man in a garage and talking to the camera.
The man in gray gets on his knee on the blue mat.
The man stands and gets on both of his knees.
The kneeling man stands up again.
We see a title screen and see the kneeling man holding a machine which he pulls down and out.
He releases the cord, The credits on the video run.
Two people are seen wearing funny hates and standing behind a table speaking to the camera.
They then quickly wrap a present and show off a better present underneath.
More shots are shown of them wrapping as they quickly move around and speaking to the camera.
Three young children, 2 girls and a boy, are playing at a beach and piling sand onto a big pile as waves continue to go in and out.
The camera person then pans around the beach to show the rest of the beach and various other people that are there.
The camera person then focuses on two women talking and standing together.
Then focuses back onto the children in the sand that are continuing to dig into the sand and pile sand into a big pile.
One of the girls then runs out of the shot and the other girl and the only boy remain near their small pile of sand.
A man and daughter are seen sliding into frame wearing only socks and a long shirt.
The two are seen holding mops and begin singing with one another.
The two continue to dance around and sing with each other.
A shot of a glass being poured is shown and leads into a woman speaking to the camera.
The woman holds a glass and mixes various liquids into the glass.
The tops it off with a lemon and slides the drink closer and still speaking.
A black book called Windmills is on the screen.
The camera zooms into a dancer.
VincaniTV comes up on the screen.
the instructor is talking.
The instructor is sitting on the floor introducing the move.
A shot of the move is shown, then the instructor shows how to do it.
He pushes  himself up on his hand and does another move.
He is on one knee to show another move.
The screen goes to another shot of the same move but faster this time.
The instructor is standing and talking.
The screen ends with a VincaniTV promo.
A person is seen placing dough balls onto a pan and then placing them into an oven.
She then takes them out of the oven and puts the cookies onto a plate.
A cameraman walks down a snowy driveway to capture a young child shoveling up snow.
The boy speaks into the camera and continues pushing the snow around with a shovel.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while holding a toilet paper roll and begins blowing smoke into the roll.
The man continues to take several drags off a pipe and blow it out into the toilet paper roll.
A smiling girl wearing braces and glasses lifts a pink bag above her head as she's standing in front of the middle body of a horse, and the words "Grooming with Erin".
Now the horse is fully visible and the girl reaches into her pink bag to grab a brush and begins brushing the horse all over its body from front to back and on each side.
The girl goes back to the pink bag, grabs another brush and begins brushing the horse again from head to toe and all around its body on each side.
The girl once again goes to the pink to return the brush she was using and grabs another brush where she once again begins to brush the horse from head to toe and on all sides.
The girls to the bag to drop the brush and then grabs a green tool, walks over to the horses front left foot, picks it up and begins cleaning out the shoe, then walks around the horse and does the rest of its shoes.
When the girl is done with cleaning out the shoes, she returns the tool back to the pink bag and grabs a brush from off camera, brushes the mane, kisses the horse, and then returns the brush back to the pink bag, walks towards the camera and smiles big into it.
A large group of people are seen sitting on a beach that leads into several people sitting on sail boats and riding along.
The various boats continue riding all along the water with the winner jumping in the water and standing proudly on the podium.
A bunch of young children are shown playing in a park playground.
A young boy climbs back and forth on the monkey bars.
Another child then joins him on the bars as well.
An athlete runs with a stick, then he shoot the javelin and walks away in a stadium.
Then, a man holds a javelin and runs to throw the javelin, then another athlete also shoot the javelin.
A man and a woman are standing in a kitchen behind an island with fruits on them.
Once the male finishes talking,the woman begins grating a vegetable and cutting an orange in half.
She then squeezes the orange into a clear glass bowl and seasoning it and mixing it together with the previously cut up ingredients.
A young man plays bowling with other man while throwing balls and pins.
A ball exit form a container.
A man holds a bowling ball on his hands.
The young man goes to a room of the bowling facility, they he continues playing.
A group of people are seen going up and down snowy mountains on skis and in ski cars.
A view is then seen of the snowy mountains with a bridge in front.
A camera pans all around a yard and shows two dogs on leashes.
The dogs move with the person as cars move in and out of frame.
The camera pans around the sky in the end.
A woman is dancing and mopping in the kitchen.
Another woman is recording her and laughing.
The woman notices the camera and laughs, but continues dancing.
Two young girls are seen speaking to the camera and playing with one another.
One girl then pulls out a bottle of nail polish while the other waves to the camera.
More clips are shown of one girl attempting to paint the nails of the other and ends by waving to the camera.
A small girl is seen hula hooping over and over again with her hands on her hips.
The girl spins around with the hula hoop moving from her feet to her knees as well as the rest of her body.
At one point she throws the hula hoop accidentally but picks it back up and continues spinning with it.
In the end she falls to the ground with the hoop still in her hands.
A woman is seen putting makeup on her face and leads into several pictures of makeup.
Many more pictures of products are shown with text across the screen.
More pictures of products are shown that end with more text and a woman pushing away makeup.
Three people are in the gym,one of the males is kneeling down and jerking a bar while the other is giving a massage to a woman.
The male with the bar lifts the weights,drops it and then jumps in joy that he has lifted the weight,drops his belt and walks off.
A large group of athletes are seen standing around a track while some holding their arms up to clap.
One runner makes his way down the track and jumps into a large sand pit and walks away.
Four men are outside in a field throwing a baseball to each other.
A ball then rolls into a pond and a little boy grabs it and throws it.
The scene moves to a playground and the boys begin going down the slide.
More kids are shown and they are doing various activities as they play such as the see saw,monkey bars and swings.
On the side,a boy begins pumping his tire and a small baby is shown bathing in a basin.
A group of older people are seen sitting on a bus speaking to one another.
The camera pans around the bus to show more people sitting and speaking.
A woman is seen speaking to a man next to her while he knits.
Two men perform a flip move on a playground that leads to one being dropped on the ground.
The camera zooms in on the fallen man while they all laugh together.
A woman is seen standing on a piece of exercise equipment and moving herself around.
The woman moves her feet on the machine as well as showing how the machine works.
Another man is seen exercising and ends with text on the screen.
A person is seen riding on a bicycle down a street with a dog tied next to him.
The camera is shown in various angles the man riding the bike with the dog.
The man continues riding around with the dog.
A gymnasts wipes chalk on his hands while getting ready.
The gymnast stands on a platforms and swings himself onto a set of double bars.
The gymnast does a double bar routine during a competition.
The gymnast strikes his leg accidentally on the bars bringing him to a stop.
The gymnast dismounts from the double bars and lands on the mat.
A female gymnasts sits in a chair and waits for her turn.
The female gymnasts stretches out her arms before the routine.
A replay shows the highlights of the gymnasts routine on the double bars.
A person shows the bottom of a large dust mop.
Then, the person cleans a gym with the large dust mop.
The boy stands at the bottom of a small staircase and then he walks up to slide down the blue slide.
When he's done sliding down he runs away and tries to go out the gate.
A woman exercises at a machine.
The camera focuses on and features specific parts of the machine.
The woman demonstrates folding the machine for storage.
The woman continues to exercise on the machine.
A man dressed in a black sweatshirt and black shorts, along with another person dressed in white athletic wear are standing in a tennis court near the net.
They are both holding tennis rackets.
The person in black is giving a tutorial on how to return a serve in tennis.
There is a player demonstrating the serve as the coach explains.
Then the person in white begins taking about more about the tennis serve and how to play effectively.
The player continues to demonstrate the serves.
The player in yellow shirt kicked the ball towards the goal, and the goalkeeper was not able to catch it, another player in red shirt kicked the ball and the goalkeeper weren't able to catch it.
The goalkeeper is standing in front of the net, the crowds are cheering.
A woman is standing behind a counter holding a martini glass.
She dumps some ice into the glass.
She puts some ice into another glass and adds shots of alcohol.
She shakes the drink in a black shaker.
She pours the ice out of a martini glass.
She pours the drink into the martini glass.
She holds up the martini glass in her hand.
two sumos are on sides of a ring and the refeee is in the middle while people is in sands sitting arpund them watching them.
sumo start wrestling and fell out the ring.
A man bends over to talk to the camera.
The man then skateboards on a ramp.
He tries to run up the ramp without a skateboard.
A child slides down the ramp on her butt.
The man's skateboard gets away from him.
The man chases his skareboard.
The man talks to the camera.
A man wearing a construction hard hat applies plaster to a wall using a hand held flat edge.
The man pauses to explain his procedure.
A Company name and slogan are seen in white text.
We see a blue opening screen.
We see a man flipping and performing Capoeira  cut with blue title screens.
The man does a spin kick.
The man does a spin and duck.
The man does a spin sweep on the floor.
A woman in a white shirt is talking to the camera.
A man and the woman start to dance together.
She raises her arm and he twists her around.
A group of people are seen huddled around and leads into a group of them riding down a river with one man's help.
The ride continuously down the river bumping into rocks along the way and leads to them walking out on the side.
Finally a picture of them all together in shown in the end.
grandma is talking with a little blond child sitting in a coach while is knitting in a red thread in a liing room.
child holds the thread and run in the room pulling it and the woman is talking to him, the child grabs the thread from the floor and run in the living room.
A row of clippers,brushes,and razors are being shown.
Shortly after,the front of the building is shown and the name on the plaza is shown.
A man with long curly hair is shown sitting in the barbershop getting his hair down and the barber is using a combination of scissors,brushes, and blow dryers to complete the look.
Once done, a still image of the barber and his information is shown for advertisement.
A couple of cages are on the ground.
There are dogs sleeping in each cage.
A man is shown on a field performing tricks with a dog and a bunch of frisbees.
The dog catches, flips, and chases the frisbees.
A vans off the wall ad is shown.
Multiple pictures flash across the screen.
Men are shown drinking wine before performing numerous tricks on ski boards.
Images of them in the air performing tricks and jumping are shown.
A camera pans around large city buildings and leads into people riding motocross bikes.
More clips are seen of people performing tricks on the bike while hundreds watch on the sidelines.
More people are seen riding around and waving their hands up in the end.
A girl is riding in the back seat of a car, playing lipstick to a baby girl in a car seat.
The girl takes the wand, trying to put it on her own lips.
She smiles broadly for the camera.
A video of clipping a cats toenails is shown.
Each paw is grabbed and the nail is pushed out and trimmed.
The cat is oddly calm the whole time.
A close up of a board with shown with several pucks sitting around the side.
Suddenly another puck is pushed down and knocked into others while people watch.
A woman demonstrates from behind a standing bar counter inside of a bar, how to mix drinks using a shot glass and several bottles of alcohol.
A woman standing behind a bar talks to the camera and pours a bottle of alcohol into a shot glass along with another bottle of alcohol.
The woman then pulls a larger bottle of alcohol off of the bar top and pours that into the shot glass as well,  The woman then pushes the shot glass forward toward the camera before the scene fades to black.
A cat is sitting on the floor looking up as his owner tried to grab him.
The owner picks him up and sits down with him and begins to clip his nails.
The cat is moving his head around wagging its tail around but not giving a hard time.
The owner then begins to rub its belly and play with it's feet, before putting the cat back on the ground.
A team is playing ice hockey in front of a crowded stadium.
The players are shown crashing into each other.
A countdown of ten is being shown as we see bloopers from different sporting events, from hockey, to baseball, to football and basketball as people fall down and make mistakes.
A group of men, boys and camels are in a desert area.
One man is sitting on a camel.
The man explains the correct way to ride a camel.
A man in the background holds a video camera.
Another man hands the camels reigns to the man riding and the camel starts walking.
The camel turns it's head around and yells at the man riding him.
The man riding kicks the camel in the side and he starts walking again.
People are on a stage playing instruments.
A man in a black shirt is playing a drum set.
A man in a green shirt plays a guitar at the front of the stage.
A man is seated with an accordian on his lap.
He pulls it in and out as he plays the keyboard with his other hand.
He is shown with two different accordians as he continues to play.
A weight lifter is in a gym, and he lifts a barbell.
He lifts it over his head, then drops it to the ground before walking away.
An intro starts with music player and foreign letter are presented across the screen.
A man sits down in front of a hookah and begins talking to the camera.
The man takes a hit of the hookah and coughs a bit.
The man shows how to avoid coughing with a hookah by moving the tobacco around on the bowl.
He sits down and takes another puff off the hookah.
He then continues taking puffs off the device and talking about how to get clear hits.
A ladder is leaning against a house.
A piece of wood goes up and down the ladder.
A person is throwing a tennis ball up in the air and hits the ball.
Two men begin talking about this tennis move and how you should properly hold your racket.
The man demonstrates how to throw the ball up and how to swing.
The man continues to discuss when to hit the ball for this move and how to execute it properly.
A standing Asian woman wearing makeup is talking to a bunch of sitting Asian women who have no make up on their faces.
The Asian woman with the make up claps and then hits a clock that has a 10 second timer.
The women with no makeup quickly begin to apply makeup before the time runs out.
Two women quickly apply makeup to their faces, but when they are done they have upset looks on their faces.
The third woman puts make up and fake eyelashes onto a tray in front of her and then slams her face into the tray and rolls it side to side.
When she lifts her head up her makeup is perfect and at the same time she pulls her hair out of a ponytail and shakes her hair free.
The outro video is a purple screen with white words that read "Beautiful and fast" and ends with a white screen that has purple words readings "Windows 8" and the microsoft logo.
A man is seen sitting in a tube speaking and leads into people walking around carrying tubes.
Shots of the water is shown followed by people riding down a river on the tubes.
The people continue to ride down one after the other while people watch on the side.
A young man clips the hair of several older men in an outdoor barber chair.
The man cutting hair is  inside a barber shop talking.
Some still shots of the man cutting hair are shown.
The man is seen again cutting a mans hair in the outdoor barber chair.
A group of boys are playing a game of foosball with girls.
The two groups stand on either side of the machine.
They use the little men to hit the ball back and forth.
A lacrosse player wearing a white jersey and holding a lacrosse stick is talking about the positions of lacrosse.
He is standing in a field that is next to a busy road with many cars passing by.
He is demonstrating the various positions and ways of using the lacrosse stick with another man.
He explains how the goals are scored in lacrosse.
A man is seated in front of some video monitors and related equipment.
He reminds us that when we were young we weren't afraid to try because we liked it.
We then see some kids playing soccer along with some older players, obviously enjoying themselves.
We see the man once again, who advises us not to ever grow up.
A child plays tennis in a court returning balls while a boy stands next to her.
The boy left the court while the child continues returning balls, then the boy returns.
Then, the boy left again the court, and then he returns with a racket and a ball.
The child serves the ball, and the boy helps stands next her watching.
The barefoot man serve the ball but missed it.
The man served the ball and hit the wall but it just bounced so low that the man can't hit it.
The man chase after the ball picke it up and hit, then a shirtless man came up to him and teach him how to serve the ball.
A man wearing a black shirt and blue jeans is playing an acoustic guitar.
He plays a riff as he moves his legs rhythmically.
He continues playing the guitar as the camera focuses on his hands and the guitar only.
He plays several different tunes one after the other as he strums the guitar with his pick.
Two people are seen sitting on dirt bikes speaking to the camera with one shoveling dirt and the other riding along.
Several shots are then shown of the two riding dirt bikes along a trail while stopping to gesture to the camera every now and then.
A blurry vision shows two people in a gym with one punching and kicking the other holding gloves.
The two continue to move around the gym practicing their kicks and punches.
An athlete is shown warming up in front of a pole while several others in the background run around a track.
The man eventually prepares for his jump and jumps over the pole.
He swings his arms up to celebrate and others around him clap for him.
A person is seen walking into frame in front of a large closet.
The woman then lets her hair down along her back.
She brushes her hair continuously and ends by walking out of frame.
A lady in a suit talks in a white room.
We see a man washing a car with a towel.
We see the car being rinsed with a pressure washer and the wheel is wiped.
the emblem appears on the screen as suds slip down a car.
A girl is shown looking at several pictures of hairstyle and leads into another cutting one's hair.
The kids sits patiently with a towel on her head and speaking to the camera.
A goldfish is shown followed by a man cutting and styling her hair.
The man cuts the girl's hair and styles it into an adorable look.
The girl smiles and leaves the hair salon looking happy.
We see an opening title screen.
We see a lady putting sunscreen on in a bathroom and on the beach.
We see a title screen and see the lady buy her sunscreen and another title screen.
The lady throws a way a bottle and looks on her phone before going to the bathroom and putting sunscreen on.
We see a title screen and the lady applies sunscreen and a friend puts some on her back.
The lady puts on sunscreen on the beach and her friend run on the beach.
We see a title screen and the ending screen.
The starting list for the men's pole vault event is displayed over the background of the competition area.
Multiple vaulters attempt to vault, one after another, some successfully and some not.
The camera cuts to a man wiping his face with a towel, then a quick shot of the last vault attempt, then a quick shot of another man walking away from the camera.
Another man in white and blue vaults and is successful.
The camera cuts to four other competitors watching.
The camera cuts to a man in white and blue celebrating while holding a flag against his black.
The man who celebrated is being interviewed.
A different competitor, wearing red, is being interviewed.
A man stands holding a violin and bow discussing its features.
The man sets the instrument under his chin and tightens the bow.
The man undoes the bow strings and raps them around the violin.
The man plays a song on the violin.
A game is in progress in front of a crowd.
A man spins, throwing a disc through the air.
He walks around the field afterward.
A man serves a tennis ball with a racket while he talks.
The man bounces a ball and shows how to move the body, then he serves a ball.
The man continues talking in the tennis court.
A person is seen moving along a pool while the camera watches from behind.
A man is then seen speaking to the camera and moving his arms around.
More clips are shown of the person swimming along the water.
A person uses a vacuum cleaner the clean the carpet of debris in a room sweeping it back and forth.
The vacuum cleaner collecting bucket is moved in order to reach a new area of carpet.
The person vacuums the carpet area around the couch.
The person lifts up the head of the vacuum and examines the wheels underneath.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while holding onto a dog in a plane.
Several clips are shown of the man in a plane with the dog as well as underwater.
The man performs several activities with his dog in hand while a woman speaks to the camera.
Various pictures of food are shown followed by a person cutting up vegetables and mixing various ingredients into a pot.
He then cuts up a piece of bread, scoops out the insides, and fries up some meat.
Finally he pours all the ingredients into the break bowl, wraps it up in aluminum foil, and shows more pictures of the sandwich.
A female weightlifter lifts a barbell with her legs.
She gets it to her stomach, then pulls.
She goes up and down, working her abdominals.
People are sitting in row boats in the water.
A man is standing up in a red row boat.
A boat flips over and the camera goes into the water.
Two people standing on a dock lift their boat out of the water.
Bright text appears on the screen.
An art piece is displayed on the wall, and we are shown several close ups of the paint.
Perusers of art walk through the gallery, looking at the painting.
We then conclude with someone taking a photo and walking away.
A cat is scratching its paws on the carpet.
A man holds the cats paw and starts clipping its nails.
He holds the cat outside.
People rides horses on an unpaved road passing for the woods and on front the ocean.
People arrive to a place and gets off the horse and then continue riding passing woods, river, the ocean and beautiful landscapes.
Then, people arrive to a camping place, then they running on front the ocean.
A man is seen bending forward grabbing a large set of weights and lifting it on his shoulders.
The man then lifts it up over his head and ends by throwing it back down.
A man in a bare studio showcases a series of martial arts moves by himself in front of a camera.
A man appears in a white t-shirt and black pants, barefoot and begins to showcase martial arts moves.
The man begins using moves that exhibit floor work and light tumbles along with a headstand.
The man progresses into controlled somersaults and side to side work along with high kicks.
An eight year old girl is playing a harmonica on a stage.
The camera zooms in on the girl as the girl begins to play harder and harder, taking deeper and deeper breaths.
The girl stops playing, takes a look to her left really quickly, then beings to smile while looking at the camera and clapping.
A large group of people are seen standing around a foose ball table speaking to one another and leads into them playing the game.
Many people continue to watch the game on the sidelines and look down at the game taking place.
A man in a black shirt is checking food in a sandwich shop.
The man then moves fast to make a hoagie sandwich by adding ingredients from the bins.
The man wraps the sandwich in paper and puts it in a plastic bag.
We see on a phone the man made the sandwich in 41 seconds.
The man then takes the sandwich apart in the back.
Two very tall men in tuxedos are dancing outside of a store.
People are standing back watching them do their dance.
One of the men puts his foot out while the other turns him in circles.
When the dance is finally over both men shake hands and wave to the crowd.
A man walking very slowly toward a woman as she walks slowly towards him.
They meet up and begin their dance, it is very intense and very well done, they work very well together,when they are done they bow and high five each other while the audience cheers for them.
Then one of the judges stands up and speaks to them, causing them to smile and be more ecstatic.
Another female judge critics them and  the woman dancer runs up and hugs them, then the final judge tells them what he thinks of their performance.
Winter scenes with vehicles and heavy snow are shown.
Scenes from the interior of an airport are shown, with people walking around or waiting.
A woman talks to the camera.
A man cleans snow off a car.
More scenes from a winter storm are shown.
Scenes of people cleaning snow off their vehicles are shown.
A different woman talks to the camera.
A car drives away from the camera.
Two people talk to the camera.
A truck drives away from the camera.
We see a black opening screen.
A lady sits in a tattoo chair talking.
We see the camera operator.
The lady has a tattoo added to her back.
The other lady sits in the chair.
The second lady is being tattooed.
We see the finished tattoos.
Outside a dog is laying down on the pavement when a human picks up a frisbee and throws it.
The dog excitedly runs after it and come running back with it, bringing it back to his human.
He disappears for a little bit and then you see him excitedly get ready to run for it again.
Once he see's the frisbee flying he starts to run for it and brings it back every time.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while holding onto a stick.
He points down to balls in front of him as well as his body.
He them demonstrates how to hit the ball properly while still speaking.
Two people are skiing, holding a rope.
Waves are opened in their crest.
They move under a small bridge.
The boy in green bends over.
The boy in green zooms out to the side.
The boy moves to the side of the boat and then flips over the second skier.
The boy leans back on his board and flips back over the other skier.
The boy in green swings out again and flips over the skier giving him a high five.
The two skiers have a conversation while riding.
Both skiers swing out and swing to the other side of the boat.
The boys continue to wave and talk.
A man is seen riding in on a skateboard followed by a man drinking a beer through a hose and a man sitting in a car flipping off the camera man.
More random shots are show of landscapes, dogs, people standing around, and moving along the water.
The video leads into people riding along on the water kite surfing and leads into a man speaking to others outside while smoking a cigarette.
A group of men play croquet on a large grass covered field at an outdoor social event.
The men begin playing croquet with one man making a sexual reference with the croquet stick as people walk by on the grass.
The group of men are accompanied by onlookers as they continue to maneuver the  croquet ball with their mallets.
One croquet goal is accomplished on the grass by one player in brown shoes and a blue pants in the final clip.
A man is using a hookah inside a room.
He turns and blows a pillar of smoke.
Another man takes the hookah and takes a hit as well.
A man is seen standing ready and putting his arms up by his sides.
The man then jumps onto a set of uneven bars and begins performing a gymnastics routine.
The man spins himself all around and ends by jumping off the side with his arms up.
A person is seen riding down a long street on a skateboard while the camera follows from behind.
The person continues riding down the hill with the camera capturing scenery and cars as well as placing his hand on the boarder in front of him.
In the end he passes by the boarder and makes a stop by the car.
A woman is see laughing with a group of people and one man hitting the other.
A person hands a man a set of darts who then throws them off into the distance.
The people continue speaking while the camera pans all around them.
A carved pumpking with a light in it glows on a counter.
Supplies for carving are then shown.
A woman cuts the top off the pumpkin, emptying the seeds.
She then carves the traced lines to cut out the design.
When she is done, a tea light is placed inside the pumpkin and lit.
person is watching her hands with soap in a handwasher, put some solution into the pots, holds an eye contact with the index finger and with the other hands open her eye and put the contact in her eye, grab the other contact and with the other hands open the eye ad put it in the eye.
now the person wash her hands and opens the eye and with the fingers grab the contact from the eye and put it into a pot, then she do the same with the other eye, open the eye and grab the contact from the eye and put it in the pot.
people is sitting on a studio talking to each other.
man is in the beach doing tricks with a little kid and people in the studio is talking about the video.
page of a cheerleaders is shown in the screen and the video of the girl in the beach doing tricks.
man is in a living room with a little girl and is doing tricks with her and on the beach, then a video of the man and the girl talking to a camera is shown while people in the stuio keep talking and showing their videos.
A hand is put into a brush and moves the hair to be piled up and vaccumed with the other hand.
The middle section is done and the horse stands still while being cut down.
Now,the middle is done and the person moves to the back of the horse until all of the horse's body is cut down.
A man steps away from a desk.
The man applies his glove to his left hand.
The man taps a metal with a soldering iron.
The man soldiers on the piece of metal.
The man stops soldering the metal.
The man removes his glove and blows smoke away from the metal piece.
Two men are standing on an indoor gym and in sync they both start jumping on their metal bouncy stits and they both do a backflip.
Various clips of various different people also wearing the bouncy stilts play and they're all running, flipping and doing various tricks while landing onto blue mats in an indoor gym.
Now there are a lot of people outdoors, both men and women, and they are all running, hopping, jumping, and doing flips outdoors.
A large group of them all line up and a view from above show that they have formed the number 7.
Various still shot pictures show and clips of more people outdoors in a different area play and they're all also jumping over poles, doing flips, jumps, running and etcetera.
Now there are people jumping into the water with their bouncy stilts, then back in a large grassy area until a black screen appears and a lot of white words and websites scroll quickly from bottom to top.
A gymnast is standing at a pose waiting to begin her performance.
She starts to twirl her baton and move her body a long with it doing flips and everything.
She begins to do one handed cartwheels and swinging the baton around her neck.
She does a stunning performance and once it is over she freezes in place.
A little boy is throwing darts at a board.
He walks over to the target, looking at where the darts hit.
Two trains drive along an elevated rail in a city.
The camera pans to show a man playing a harmonica while sitting on a log beside a river.
A woman walks near the train tracks while a train drives by.
The woman sees the harmonica playing man in the distance.
She watches him and listens to him playing.
She walks away leaving the man.
The man finishes playing and remains seated.
A man is seen speaking to a camera and leads into he pouring liquid into a bowl and rubbing it into a wooden object.
He then paints down the area with a brush and nails fabric to the back, creating a chair and having the camera pan down.
A man prunes dead branches from fruit  bearing plant stems in the winter.
A man, in a field of dirt and fruit crops with bare branches from the winter, begins to prune dead branches from the fruit plants with a pruning tool and a hatchet.
An image of the plants in fruit bearing months appears before returning to the man in the field pruning the dead branches.
A woman in a white shirt is sitting down.
She pours some product into her palm.
She starts wiping the product onto her face.
A man dressed in a black wife-beater is near a fluorescent wall glass and is talking.
As he is talking,several clips appear in between him where he is in a room with three walls and glass as the fourth wall while playing wall ball.
The final scene is shown,and the male comes back talking before finally flashing a url at then end.
We see a person riding a ski lift.
The person lifts the bar on the chair.
The person hops off the lift and onto the slope.
The person puts on their ski poles.
The person skis swiftly down the ski slope.
The person reaches the bottom of the slope and looks up.
320 The person's hand comes to the screen to turn off the camera.
A woman is seen sitting at the end of a bed taking her shoes off and then baby's feet walking.
Shots of furniture is shown that leads into a woman speaking, followed by several people vacuuming and stepping onto the carpet.
A person adjusts the vacuum and continues using it while the woman speaks, and leads into a man playing with a baby.
A young woman is seen looking to the camera smoking a cigarette and laughing to the camera.
She continues taking puffs off the cigarette while looking into the camera and blowing smoke.
A woman is on a concrete court outside.
She is jumping across a chalk drawn hopscotch game.
She goes back and forth over the puzzle twice.
A woman is sweeping in front of a barn.
Chickens are on the ground behind her.
She is shoveling dirt into a wheel barrow.
Men are sweeping in front of the barn.
A woman is brushing a horse with a brush.
A gymnast stands ready at the end then flips up onto a beam.
She performs a gymnastic routine while several people on the sides watch her.
She continues flipping around the beam and doing various acrobatic tricks.
She jumps down and gives her coach a hug while the camera shows her movements in slow motion and she speaks to a woman.
A sumo warrior is shown holding a pager.
A larger sumo warrior is shown holding another pager.
The sumo warriors face off and the larger one sits on and makes the smaller one disappear.
The person in black shirt is playing drums.
The camera zoomed in to the drums as the person continue to play.
The camera shifted to the view looking down the drums.
A lemon sits on a cutting board.
Someone chops the lemon and squeezes it into a glass.
The other half is squeezed in.
They then add sugar to the mix.
Three women are sitting in a room behind the table knitting scarves and hats before a logo appears.
They all reappear and begin knitting a purple scarf as they talk.
Next,each lady begins to talk and show pictures of who they are making the special garment for.
A mother and child in swim suits build sand castles on the beach.
The child destroys the sand castles.
The mother throws the plastic mold frustrated.
A small group of people are seen standing on a sandy beach and leads into a game of volleyball.
The people play back and fourth with one of them spiking the ball and the camera panning around to people watching and celebrating.
Two people are seen passing a ball back and fourth in a pool and leads into one speaking to the camera.
The man demonstrates how to properly throw the ball with his hands while still speaking to the camera.
A man in a yellow shirt is on his knees layering cement on the floor.
He stops for a second and looks up.
The man goes back to layering the floor with cement.
People are playing a game in a field.
The man with the mallet and the man with the red hat run back and forth.
A man with a blue shirt runs toward home plate.
The man with the mallet is shown getting hit in slow motion.
A woman is up to bat and is shown running after getting a hit.
The door opens and two people wearing slippers enter the room.
A logo briefly appears on the screen.
Two men standing in front of a pair of bathroom sinks and mirrors remove the robes they're wearing to reveal spandex clothing, then turn to face the camera to speak.
A large group of people ride bicycles down the road.
A barefoot man stands in a bathroom.
The title "How to Shave Your Legs" appears over a man performing that action.
The men discuss and demonstrate using an electric razor to shave your legs.
One then discusses how high your legs should be shaved.
The man demonstrates how to lather up your legs.
The two men demonstrate how to use a razor to shave your legs.
They then demonstrate how to rinse your legs off.
A man rides a bike down the road.
The two men shave their other leg.
A rapid river is running past a tree.
A group of rafters don their gear, pushing their raft into the water.
The paddle through the rapids, trying to stay upright and together.
A young man is seen spraying down a dog with water in the middle of an alleyway while the dog moves away from the water.
The person continues spraying the dog with the hose and standing waiting for the dog.
We see girls in a red costume gym performing a baton routine.
Three girls walk past in the background.
The girls next to them in pink perform their routine.
The girls in the red uniforms finish and walk away.
A team of girls in black and neon walk past behind the girls.
The girls in pink finish their routine.
A large group of people are shown performing a dance routine together with one woman leading in front.
The people continue moving their arms and legs around together to move their bodies and obtain exercise.
A dog is dressed in clothes and a human is behind him only showing his hands.
As to look like the dog is part human and doing human like stuff.
He is feeding himself breakfast and then wipes his face.
After that he grabs a cup of coffee to drink.
He struggles to grab another napkin to wipe his face again.
Several shots are shown of close ups of cheerleaders leading into clips of them performing tricks and flips with one another.
The video continues with many shots of the cheerleaders performing together in slow motion and doing tricks with one another.
An outdoor track and field meet is shown.
Pole vaulters are shown in a competition.
Some of them make their jumps while others do not.
A man is shown sitting on a fence and talking to the camera while pointing out horses.
A girl is shown riding a horse while three others hold onto the horse and help.
These people help various people on and off the horses.
The people also walk through obstacle courses with the horses and keep one hand on at all times.
The man stands in the middle applauding the riders and giving the horses direction.
A boy smiles when he gets off the horse and several people congratulate him.
The man finishes by talking about his camp and why you should join.
A young man drinks six bottles of beer while a person stand on front him holding a chronometer.
Then, the young man spits beer on the person who fall on the ground.
After, the person stand sand take off his pants and t-shirt, then he crowls on the grass.
This man is shown lifting a very heavy weight in the beginning of the video.
Then another man does the same thing and he lifts it successfully.
When he's done, someone comes on stage and gives him a hug.
He is then given a medal.
A black screen appears and handwritten looking white text appears on the screen and it say's "Bart Rollin".
A man is outdoors in a city skating with and without a shirt on in different locations, falling a few times and skating both at day and night while people look on at different locations, and sometimes he's alone.
When the man is done skating the outro appears and it includes a screenshot of what looks like a bloody finger, a white screen with a male faintly drawn on it and black words scroll from bottom to top until just the white screen with the male drawing is only visible.
An intro featuring the text "how to change a tire" plays.
A woman has a tool that allows you put the tire on to a rim while a man holds the tool.
The woman then uses the same tool to remove the tire from the rim.
The person filming shows an iPhone's timer at various points to show how long a step should take.
The tool that removes the tier from the rim is shown and how it works.
A man opens a Bridgestone locker or machine to show the inside.
The video ends with an image of a solar powered vehicle.
The video shows two countries represented by blue and green uniforms playing the game of cricket professionally.
The batsmen is batting while the bowler is doing an overhand throw.
The next scene shows a team of cricketers wearing white uniforms getting ready to play as they gather in a circle with their captain.
We see kids washing their hands in a class room at kid height sinks.
We watch the boy try and get soap.
The boy uses the soap dispenser again.
The boy looks at the camera and talks.
An adult grabs his hand when he attempts to get more soap.
A news man is standing in front of a screen talking as it displays a volleyball game on the beach.
Then we see the players, fighting over and kicking the ball, alternating with speaking to the camera individually before going back to scenes from the game.
