We see a man and a a woman dancing together.
The man spins the woman back and forth.
The screen turns a green shade.
The lady takes her hair out of a pony tail.
The screen turns a blue shade.
A person enter the room then leaves.
The people start spining again.
The person returns and moves to the left.
The color becomes normal again.
The man stops and the woman is upset.
A boy in a hat is talking.
He smokes something and blows the smoke into the air.
He continues talking to the camera.
He smokes from the pipe again and blows the smoke out a few more times.
A kid is standing with some men at a chair lift, dressed in ski gear.
The boy skis down a hill, but falls down.
He then is shown doing a flip in the air, followed by several ramp and flipping tricks.
When they are done, they go inside a building.
A group of men are running across a gym.
They run out into a ring together.
They then engage in a wrestling match.
A man is at a park, where he and his wife, who is holding a baby, push two small children on the swings.
The woman disappears as the man continues to push.
A woman is shown in wal-mart, laughing and choosing earrings from a rack.
She sits in a chair, and an employee shoots an earring into her lobe with a piercing gun.
She cringes in pain as it enters her ear.
A man fry vegetables in a pan and stir with a large spoon.
Then the man brake eggs in a bowl and mix well, after the man add the eggs in the pan to do an omelette.
He roll the omelette and flip it in the air, then the man serves the omelette on a dish.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while holding up an instrument.
The man then begins playing the instrument in front of the camera.
The man continues to play the instrument and stops to look at the camera.
A man walks over to another man upset and suggests an arm wrestling match.
The men begin to hold hands and quickly move away while two women walk into scene.
The men continue the match while look calm and the other looks struggled.
The match continues as the men discuss their issues and the women watching yell at the men.
The women then help the men arm wrestle and one punches the other to help one man win.
The punched woman pulls the arms up and stabs them while the other man also stabs them.
The women pull out duct tape and stuff one body into a bag.
This young woman is dancing with the baton in her hands.
She's in the middle of the street wearing a red tanktop, shorts, and flip flops.
There are lots of people watching her while she does the batons outside.
When she''s done, the music stops playing and a few people clap for her performance.
Various clips are shown of a woman standing and pointing on a beach that lead into her dragging along a board and and adjusting it on the water.
The woman then grabs onto the board and moves around the water while demonstrating proper moves and the camera moving all around others.
A boy sits in the water, his skis out in front of him, while he holds the handle of the rope between his legs.
We see a short flashback as we then see him in the boat in then in the water being assisted with his skis.
Once again he is in the water, and the boat slowly picks up speed, pulling the young man upright until he is skiing full-speed behind the boat.
A man comes up beside him, his arms outstretched as he holds a camera, and then a show of him with several other men in the boat.
We soon see the man again in the water with his arm around the boy's shoulders, the boy triumphant after his successful ride.
All in all everyone seemed to enjoy a great day outdoors whether in the boat or skiing or both.
A group of men are standing a field and a man rolls a red ball to the other team and it is kicked out.
After,the team switches and continue to play games of kickball.
Now two more teams approach and the captains play Rock,Paper,Scissor to determine who will start the game.
The woman loses and the men begin to play kicking the ball and running to the bases.
A man is shoveling up some mulch into a wheel barrel.
He brings the wheel barrel over and dumps it in a pile where a woman is using a rake to spread it evenly out.
They continue to bring over loads of the mulch and a man dumps over a little tractor of dirt.
He rides off on the little deer john tractor while the others continue raking.
An athlete is seen walking up to a platform and begins spinning himself around and throwing an object off into the distance.
His throw is shown again in slow motion and another man is seen spinning around then throwing the object with his hands up afterwards.
Four men are working on the roof of a house.
They are scraping the shingles off with shovels, knocking debris to the ground as they work.
A man is standing at a bar and he begins pouring ice into a tall cup along with blue liquid, dark liquid, and a red liquid.
The man then pours it into a shaker and shakes it until thoroughly mixed.
When the man is finished shaking the drink he removes the cup from the shaker, pours the liquids into a smaller cup, and sticks a white straw in it.
All while talking the man then picks up the cup, smells it, smiles and holds the drink up.
Two men walk in the street holding a box, then they assemble a soccer table.
People plays soccer table in the street.
After, the men carry the table and enters a train where they continue playing.
After the man carry the soccer table to a park and other places where people play and paint it.
A young boy laughs while holding two toothbrushes.
He uses an electric brush to brush his teeth.
He shakes the brush, occasionally pouring water on it and putting it back in his mouth.
We see a skateboarder walk with his board.
the man then skateboards down a busy street.
The boarder has his hand on the ground as he skates.
The boarder takes a right turn.
The cars drive by and the scene ends.
A large intertube is shown on the screen.
A bunch of sledders get on the tubes.
They ride them down a steep hill together.
People ride a line up a hill in a tubing resort.
A person rides a tube down a hill.
We watch the people walking up the hill holding their tubes and watch people go down the hill.
We watch as the camera man goes down the hill.
We see the ending screen.
A man in a gym is donning a pair of boxing gloves.
He begins punching the bag, going around in circles as he does so.
He continues punching, then we see a slight view of a man jumping rope.
A pile of trees are shown blowing outside on a cobblestone path outside of a building.
As the leaves continue to blow a young boy walks into the scene clearing the path with his leaf blower.
A large group of army solider are seen holding a large rope on one side of each other while other soldiers watch.
A man stands in the middle and the people begin pulling the rope from one another.
One side pulls the others down and the rest of the team cheer while the camera pans around.
A kid stands on a court as a group of judges watch him jump rope rapidly.
Behind him, other competitors jump rope, too.
People are dancing and choreographing a routine.
They jump around and clap at the end.
A teen boy is standing in a kitchen, holding a pitcher and talking.
He fills the pitcher with water at the sink.
He then mixes a powder into the water, creating a drink mix.
He ads alcohol, then drinks from the pitcher to test the flavor.
A person is putting food into a bowl.
They crack a nut and put that into the bowl.
They crack another nut over a black tray.
A young girl is standing in the room in a black cami and black and white legs preparing talking.
She is then shown talking to a young girl with a pink sweater and black skirt and multiple games of rock paper scissors are being played between her and two other girls.
The girl with the pink sweater wins and she sits on the girls face.
Afterwards,the three girls stand together and start talking to the camera.
A tray of cookies is shown, followed by butter being beaten in a bowl.
Ingredients are added one at a time, mixing them all together.
The dough is piped onto the tray, then baked.
A woman is standing behind a counter sharpening a knife.
She pours water on the knife sharpener and continues sharpening the knife.
She picks up a knife sharpener and sharpens the knife.
A boy stands from the bottom of a slide and walk away.
Other kids slide on another slide in the playground.
A toddler climbs a jungle gym, and then go down the slide.
A man is sitting on a couch, drinking a beer from a bottle.
He drops the bottle from his mouth, smiling.
A man in a black shirt smiles at the camera.
He pulls out a harmonica and begins to play it.
He uses his hand to accentuate the notes.
He finishes the song at the end.
A woman is sitting on the edge of a bath tub.
She begins shaving her leg with a razor.
She looks at the bottom of the razor.
People raft down a stony river on inflatable boats.
Two men are in the water and other men help get in the boat.
The men pass between high mountains.
We see men walking down the street and a skateboarder fall.
We see club kids and skateboarders with title screens.
We see men skateboard down a street and stand around in groups.
A man jumps over stairs and runs into the camera.
A man falls and another runs into the camera.
We see a man wave and another on a bull horn.
The club lights flash and a band plays music as people dance.
We see the credits and more skating.
A group is playing football on a large field.
A green ball suddenly bounces across the fifty yard line.
It comes to a stop, and the people back away.
A man is buffing the floor with a blue buffer.
Another man stands next to him watching.
He goes over the tile with the buffer.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while walking around a kitchen and checking on food.
Several shots of food are shown on tables as well as racks and the chef continues to speak to the staff behind.
The man walks out front and speaks with the customers that are coming in and finished by speaking to the camera.
The man in black shirt is playing guitar in the studio.
The man is strumming the guitar.
The man is pressing the thread on the guitar keys as he strum the guitar.
The video takes place in the pool of a backyard.
A tight rope is strung across the length of the pool and a woman is attempting to walk across, She falls several times.
The last time she falls, the camera rewinds and shows her falling backwards.
The video then cuts to a man who is also using a tight rope to cross a pool.
The video shows several clips of the man falling.
At one point, he is holding a camera while falling in.
He also attempts to stand with one leg on the rope, as well as balancing.
The video ends showing him in a final fall into a tube.
A woman with a nose ring is seen speaking to the camera and leads into someone cutting her hair.
The person cuts around the sides and the woman is seen wearing glasses and posing with her new style.
More shots of a person cutting is shown while the woman speaks to the camera.
A guy stands on the shore of a beach holding a hockey stick balancing a ball.
A hockey stick and a white ball lay on fake grass outside.
A person moves a white ball with a hockey stick.
A person demonstrates ten field hockey techniques.
A guy uses a hockey stick to bounce a ball in the air.
Greetings and credits are shown.
A man wearing glasses is on a stage.
He throws darts at a board, trying to hit the target while the crowd claps.
Another competitor appears, doing the same.
The winner walks onto the stage as camera flash, celebrating.
A man is shown in the water, wearing a helmet, holding a paddle and sitting in a kayak.
He is talking to the camera about how to use the kayak.
He shows several rocking and paddling motions, and flips the kayak once at the end.
A thin man and a fat man perform arm wrestling while a cameraman film them.
The thin man win the arm wrestling competition.
A small group of people are seen standing in a gym with a man leading in front.
The man leads the group in an exercise class that involves a beam on the floor.
The people move up and down the beam while the man claps and smiles at the group.
men are in a dust racetrack riding bikes doing tricks.
little kids are going down a slide in a dust pathway.
Men run down a track and leap backwards over a bar.
A man waves a white flag once the land.
An audience is watching them jump.
A man starts jump roping on a stage.
People are in the audience watching him.
Two men stand behind cameras filming him.
A woman in blue shorts hands a man a dart.
A man in a white hat throws a dart at a board.
The woman walks up to the board.
A coach gives instructions to boys in a basketball court.
Then, two young men demonstrate the boys how to pass and shoot the ball in the basket.
After, the young man helps the boys throw the ball in the basket, while by two run passing the ball to shoot in a basket.
Then, the boys practice basketball defense taking turns while running to the other side of the court.
Several professional men are placing wax on all types of skis.
As they continue to place wax,they use tools to grind and smooth the skis.
Finally, the use of cloths by the workers smooths and shines the skis.
man wearing black shorts is running on race track and make a javelin throw.
men are sitting on a side of the race track.
man is standing in a dusty diamond behind green net.
thee men are standing next to a green net watching the javelin throw.
referees wearing green shirts are standing on the field.
A young boy has a long stick in had and is pushing a puck across a white triangle with numbers in it.
The puck goes to far down the board and the toddler chases after it.
Once the puck is back on the board,he takes off running back down the board.
A little boy is standing in a living room.
He is throwing darts at a target.
He walks over and removes the darts before trying again.
A view of a home is briefly shown.
It pans to another room and it shows a small child sitting at a drum set, sucking on a pacifier and holding two drumsticks and hitting the drums.
The child hits the cymbals a few times with his left hand then he grabs the drumsticks and starts hitting all of the drums.
Two women are seen speaking to one another and lead into a game of volleyball played by a large group of people.
The people continue playing back and fourth while the audience cheers and stops to speak to one another.
A young woman uses hair products on and blow dries her hair straight with a dryer that has a comb attached to the end of it.
The woman begins by removing a terry cloth turban from her head and revealing a wet may batch of hair.
The woman then begins to put section of her hair in twist braids.
The women then starts blowdrying sections of her hair with a comb attached blow dryer.
The woman swings her straightened hair and smiles.
A man is seen looking to the camera and snapping his fingers.
This leads into a man playing an instrument while the camera watches.
The man continues to play moving his hands up and down and looking back to the camera.
A woman is seen standing in front of a mirror and begins jumping rope while smiling at the camera.
She continues jumping over and over again swinging her arms and ends by stopping to smile at the camera.
A man is swinging on a balance beam.
He jumps off and puts his hands in the air.
He gets back on the balance beam.
We see a girl jumping on a trampoline in doors.
We see the girl spin in the air.
The girl does a series of flips.
The girl flips into blue boxes.
The girl does a series of flips and a spin.
We see a title screen and then see the girls bloopers.
We see the ending screen.
A woman is seen performing a dance routine on a stage in front of a large audience.
The woman continues dancing all around the stage and ends with a bow and walking off stage.
A man wearing a black clothes is sharpening the knife on a stone.
The man beside him on blue long sleeves drawing something on the table with his finger.
The man turn the knife to sharpen the other side and then wipe it with paper towel.
The man in navy blue shirt point to the knife while the man sharpening the knife tries to sharpen it one hand.
He continues sharpening the knife, turn it again to further sharpen the other side and wipe it again with paper towel.
Throws the old and dirty paper towel and reach the roll of paper towel and clean the knife.
A man and a woman stand by each other as the man speaks.
The woman reaches down and lifts a bar.
She makes small lifts against her thighs.
She continues the small lifts and adds a variance of big lifts.
She lifts the bar over her head and brings it down to her thigh area to continue the small lifts.
She brings the bar back over her head and drops it down to the ground.
Various shots of a tattoo shop are shown followed by a woman sitting in a chair and a man getting items ready.
She takes a sip of water and the man then pierces her lip with a needle.
She is shown again in a picture of her new piercing.
People dive into the pool and start swimming.
A person reaches the end and takes their goggles off.
They wave at the camera and smile.
The other swimmers get to the finish line.
Three men discuss the topic of playing water polo with kayaks.
The scene changes to show a display of water polo with kayaks.
Two boats crash as two men try to paddle their way to the ball, The men commentate over the scene, they players look severely injured.
The display changes back to the men talking about the water polo, they are very intrigued and shocked.
The scene reverts back to the water polo accident, the show banner concludes the video.
A young man is painting the fence.
A man in white shirt came up to the man in stripes and talk to him.
The man in stripes painted the bread, then he is talking in his cellphone.
We see a man slowly performing Tai Chi.
A white banner streams across the bottom.
The man lifts his legs up in front of him then kicks out.
The man stops and stands still.
The video begins with a closeup of a tire in an auto shop.
The cameraman uses his hand to show a specific spot on the tire and zooms in closer.
The man puts down the camera and begins working on the tire.
He grabs the camera again to show different screws.
The video ends showing both sides of the tire.
A group of men are sitting outside playing instruments together.
One of the men hand another a stick made into a flute and he sits done and begins to start playing on it.
The man starts playing saxophone along with him.
The other men all join in and they all make music together, having a nice time.
A woman is standing in a kitchen.
She begins dancing in the kitchen.
She starts mopping the floor while she's dancing.
A little girl is running around with a stick pushing and object, playing and having a lot of fun.
The little girl goes forward playing for around 10 meters and then she goes back running.
She touches a red plate and positions it and then runs again to the other side.
A man is seen sitting behind a drum set playing on the drums.
The camera pans all around his movements while he speaks to the camera.
More shots are shown of him playing as well as singing and other people playing instruments around him.
A woman and man wearing matching green color dance on stage during a performance.
The man spins his partner during the dance.
The dancers kick up there feet while dancing.
We see a man dive into a pool in slow motion.
We see the judges giving the man his score and talking to him.
We see a lady clapping.
We see the diver being interviewed.
We see the crowd stand and clap.
we see the final score cards for all the contestants.
A gymnast runs, then flips several times down an indoor track.
Other girls follow suit, flipping quickly  as they go.
They dismount at the end, arms in the air.
We see a green title screen.
A lady in a bathroom talks to the camera.
We see her pour baking soda and vinegar on her sink drain and talks and moves her hands while the solution foams.
The lady turns the water on to rinse the solution down the drain.
A man holding a red cape is standing in front of a bull.
The bull hits him and knocks him to the ground.
People carry the man off the arena.
A camera pans to a kite flying around in the sky as well as people in a field.
A man is seen off to the site controlling the kite with his hands.
He continues flying the object around the sky with the camera following.
A young child is seen riding a skateboard down a road following a group of older boys.
Several shots of him riding around are shown as well as him failing and riding more.
He fist bumps the camera man and more shots are shown of him riding around.
Shoe polish supplies in a store, then people in a classroom get instructions about shoe polish.
The teacher demonstrates to polish a boot using a tissue.
Then, a girl polish the shoe of a woman using a cloth.
A person takes pictures and a cameraman film.
After, people practice shoe polish in group.
A woman does hula hoops outside and then in the dark alternating.
A man takes a hula hoop and describes it before cutting back to the woman.
A man sits in a chair as he is getting his hair cut.
A man in a black shirt moves a light around.
People scramble behind the hair stylist.
A hair stylist continuously combs and cuts the man's hair.
The hair stylists rubs some pomade on the man's hair.
The man is seen posing.
a man in a lab coat uses a swiffer broom.
He rakes it across a floor with cleaning solution.
The floor shines as it comes clean beneath his feet.
A playroom is seen followed by a young boy sliding down a slide and climbing back up again.
He slides down again, this time landing on his back, and continues to slide down several more times.
Various mountain scenery is shown from different angles.
A soldier plays a bagpipe in a mountain scene.
A woman is seen sitting on a rock and grabbing laundry out of a bucket.
She then rubs down the clothes with a rag while smiling to the camera.
She continues cleaning the cloth by hitting it on cement and washing it down with water.
A black screen appears with a red and white logo on the upper left, black and white words going diagonal on the upper middle that read "SOKOL DOBRIS" and the bottom have purple and white words that read "ROPE SKIPPING".
Next shown is a still shot of black shirt with the logo on the upper left of the chest and the word "DOBRIS" under it and a red and white jump rope is on top of it.
There are 4 different people standing on an indoor court, and 3 are holding ends of 2 different jump ropes and 1 person is rope jumping.
Various clips of people rope jumping play and sometimes there's just 1 person jumping alone, but most times there are between 2 and 4 and a lot of times they are alternating between jumping and holding the rope.
The clips of videos ends and various still shot pictures involving rope jumping are shown on the screen and a black screen appears when the pictures are done and the purple and white letters appear on the screen that say "ROPE SKIPPING".
Two little boys rake leaves in a backyard while a little girl watches and walks with them as they rake.
The two little boys rake leaves with red handled rakes and a little girl watches them and hangs around while they rake.
The two boys start raking to the right of the lawn and the little girl runs behind them.
The boys then turn around and begin raking to the right side of the lawn.
We see a man sitting on a couch.
The man is playing the bagpipe.
The man laughs and stops playing.
The man starts playing the bagpipe again.
The man laughs hard again.
The man stops playing the bagpipe.
The man waves his hand in front of the camera.
A large group of people are seen standing and sitting around a sand pit while a runner jumps inside it.
The man is shown several times jumping with people measuring his jump afterwards and raking the sand.
a sreet woth houses and cars covered by snow are shown.
man is removing a thick layer of snow from a car.
People are snowboarding down a hill of snow.
They are sitting down drinking coffee.
They are standing next to a body of water.
They are snowboarding down a hill again.
A girl is laying down sleeping.
They are eating dinner around a table.
They leave their snowboards and walk into a cabin.
A cook is standing in front of a large stove.
It is covered in ingredients and pans on burners.
The man creates a giant omelette, finally flipping it onto a plate and handing it to a patron.
Players are pulling the rope in a tug of war match.
A man squats on the floor and rises.
Guys pulling the left side of the rope falls to the ground.
The guys let go of the rope, get off the lawn, and hug in celebration.
A large crowd of girls walk into frame holding bars then put the bars down on the ground.
The girls then perform a dance routine moving the bars all around and end with them holding a pose and walking off stage.
A man walks into a gym and bends in front of  a weight.
the man tries to lift the weight two times and drops it.
The man lifts the weight three times and walks away.
The man lifts the weight two times.
the man lifts the weight three times and walks away.
The man lifts the weight two tines and removes his weight lifting belt.
A woman is seen hosting a news segment and that leads into people riding around on horses.
People are seen walking around an area with dogs stomping their feet as well as another man speaking to the camera.
More shots are shown of the people playing the game on a horse as well as others speaking to the camera and getting a trophy.
A pumpkin is sitting on a counter.
A knife is carving a face into the pumpkin.
The lights are turned off and the pumpkin is lit up.
A large group of people are seen moving around a room performing an exercise routine.
The people move up and down on beams while moving their arms around and a woman leading in front.
The group continue dancing with one another and end by holding a pose.
A pregnant lady prepares a pumpkin for decoration and carving.
The lady places wax paper over the pumpkin and pokes holes over the wax paper drawing.
The lady removes the wax paper and proceeds to cut out the the hole tracings of the mouth and eyes that was traced with the punched out holes from the wax paper.
The completed carved pumpkins are displayed.
The men are taking turns chopping a log in two.
The chop over and over again.
The log breaks in two.
An advertisement display the presentation of two dancers.
The couple is dancing holding hands turning both around.
The woman turns around holding the hand of the man.
Eight people are standing at the studio, one woman walked at the back of the group.
The group started dancing, swirling, shaking their hips, rotating, their arms and hands are moving from side to side, in front.
A woman's hand picks up a stuffed animal surrounded by gifts.
Gift wrapping accessories are shown.
A woman lays out tissue paper and places a stuffed toy in the center.
The woman wraps the toy in the tissue paper and tapes it shut.
The woman lays out cellophane and places the wrapped toy on it.
The woman cuts the cellophane and then proceeds to roll up the tissue paper covered toy.
The woman twists the ends of the cellophane and tapes the package shut.
Ribbon is placed around the ends of the package.
The woman shows the package to the camera and sets it on a counter.
A man is in a room, pointing and talking about tiles.
He is placing the tiles into the wall one at a time.
The man completes the construction, then turns off the camera.
Text states the video will show how to chalk paint.
An armoire is shown, and a woman is holding one of the drawers.
She sands down the wood before applying a coat of chalk paint with a brush.
She holds the cans of paint as she talks about the finished product.
The painted armoire is shown a final time.
Several boys are interacting in an ice rink.
Two boys that are sliding on their knees towards each other collide and fall back.
A boy releases a curling stone.
Three boys walk together across on the ice.
A woman in a white shirt is dancing.
She holds a curling iron in her hair.
She takes the curling iron out of her hair.
woman is standing in a living room holding an iron.
woman wearing a pink shirt is ironing a blue shirt.
quiet living room is with old furnitures.
A man is setting up cameras and lighting in the background for some video shoot.
A man is on a machine standing and using only his arms and feet to move on it.
Then a woman gets on it taking the mans place and she uses the machine.
They are creating a commercial advertisment for television viewers.
A painted construction paper piece sits on a table along with a suitcase of supplies.
I person cuts up a piece of construction paper.
Designs are drawn on the paper with markers.
The construction paper is folded over an item and a piece of tape secures the construction paper in the middle.
The corners are folded like a present and peices of tape are used to secure the folded ends of the package.
A ribbon is slid under the package and tied in a bow.
kids are playing beach soccer in a dusty field.
people are standing around the field in stands.
man makes a goal and the team and people in stands are celebrating.
man is doing a corner and scores a goal and ruun to his teammates to celebrate.
the game start te game and men keeps running and scores another goal and celebrates while theres a repetition.
A man is sitting on a roof.
He starts pulling up roofing on a roof.
A man walks up a ladder onto the roof.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while standing out in a back yard.
He pans to a man spraying down a fence with a hose and another man watching on the side.
The man continues to spray down the hose while another watches on the side and pans back to the camera man.
Divers take turns diving from high dive platforms into a swimming pool.
The crowd claps and watches the divers performance.
A diver does a handstand dive from the highest platform into the swimming pool.
A man is shown talking to a camera followed by him and another woman standing near a volleyball net.
The man throws the ball to the girl who bounces it back to him.
He continues to speak and demonstrate various volleyball moves to do appropriately.
A group of kids are inside a building.
They are all riding bumper cars around a track.
They bump and slam into each other.
AN intro screen showing a man perform Brazilian martial arts appears on the screen.
It then shows a man doing the same martial arts in slow motion on some grass in what looks like a park.
The man spins and kicks continuously and is highly skilled.
The video then shows another man indoors giving a thumbs up, before jumping to two other men performing on a stage.
A bunch of other men are performing martial arts inside of a gymnasium and classroom, while another man speaks to the camera.
Men swing around with a hammer throw ball before releasing it.
A man does pull ups on a bar.
A man lifts a large weight on his shoulders and also shoulder presses it above his head.
Two men run track together.
A man in green trunks throws a man in red trunks in a wrestling ring.
The man in green trunks rolls out of the ring.
The man in green trunks spears the other man.
The man in green trunks power bombs the other man.
The man in green trunks pins the other man and wins the match.
There are people throwing balls to each other in the pool.
there are people swimming to the other side of the pool.
A group of girls are gathered in a room.
They are shown in a series of images posing together.
We also several several boys posing before playing a game of foosball.
A man is seen talking to the camera as he sets up a ski on a work bench inside of a Ski shop.
After lining up the ski and securing it on the bench he uses a plastic card and goes over the bottom of the ski three times.
Afterwards he uses a bristled brush and scrubs the bottom of the ski.
Finally he uses a soft brush and runs it over the ski once more .
Two individuals are in room painting and doing redecorating.
Two men alternate going up and down on a ladder putting paste on the wall for the wall paper.
These actions continue to take place until the whole wall is covered in white wall paper with large blue flowers on them as a girl sits down behind a row of books.
A large group of people are seen spinning and twirling batons in the city.
A large group of people are seen sitting around the group watching.
The group continues to dance around the city block while the camera pans around and watches them walk away.
A woman is seen shaving down the fur of a dog while the camera shows many dogs sitting in crates.
A woman is seen speaking to the camera and showing off several dogs with long hair and afterwards.
The woman continues shaving down the sides of the dog while stopping to speak to the camera and showing off the shaved dog.
We see a girl in gold doing a baton routine.
The girl does a flip.
the girls spins repeatedly and catches her baton.
The girl spins and two batons roll in and she grabs each.
The girl spins, catches her baton and poses for her finish as the crowd claps.
We see a man run and jump on a raft as it slides down a long snowy hill.
The raft stops and the cameraman gets up and walks around while filming the ground.
A hand then covers the camera.
A small group of people are seen pulling mulch into a bin when another is seen raking around the tree.
They continue to scrape out of the mulch while measuring out the area and leads into one cutting the grass around the tree.
They lay out more dirt evenly while some are grabbing bags behind them.
A man wearing headphones stands behind a pair of large drums.
The man plays drums with his palms.
The man ceases playing the drums and turns away.
Individuals play croquet, with the camera only showing their lower legs an the balls and mallets.
A group of people in witch costumes stand together as one talks.
More small videos of people playing croquet are shown.
The group of people in witch costumes are shown again.
A series of croquet teams are shown, with some of them wearing costumes.
The group of people in witch costumes is shown once more.
Yet more small videos of people playing croquet are shown.
And ending title screen is shown.
A man dressed in black shorts, t-shirt, sneakers and red baseball cap walks into an orange walled room with hardwood floors and demonstrates an arm lift exercise with two metal black dumbbells.
An orange walled room is empty except for two black dumbbells lying horizontal on the floor.
The man walks into the room  and stands in front of the dumbbells and then falls to his knees where he talks and shows his profile and then turns, on his knees, again, to face the camera head on.
The man then picks up the dumbbells and begins lifting them directly over his head, facing the camera, and then again from a profile angle, before placing the dumbbells down, vertically, and leaving the room.
The front of a large brown building with snow in front of it is shown.
In the inside,there is a ping pong table and two adult males begin walking towards each other.
They then begin playing ping pong with nun-chucks and using their feet to hit the ball.
As the game progresses,more balls are added and they continue to play without missing one ball.
The game intensifies and the man on the right misses the ball and the man congratulates himself.
A crowd of people are at a stadium watching a bull fight.
A petite man is standing in front of the bull with a red cloth and taunting the bull.
Once the bull moves,three more men come out with pink cloths and begin taunting the bulls and he hits them with his horns.
The men finally leave the bull alone and he lays down on his side and they begin giving him something in the mouth.
Once laid to rest, another man comes and wraps something around his mouth to secure him as another set of men walk out guiding horses.
A person is seen holding a woman's long hair as well as a brush in his hands.
The man continues playing with the hair and leads into him brushing the hair and braiding it.
A woman gets her belly button clamped with a white clamp.
She then gets her belly button pierced.
The person removes the clamp and wipes it with a towel.
A cup with lemonade is next a jar with a lemonade.
A bowl with three cups of cold water, a cup of lemon juice, a cup of water and a cup of sugar are on  at table.
Then, a person adds sugar, and lemon to pot with water to  warm.
Then, the person adds  the lemonade to a jar and serves in a cup.
A person is seen standing behind a bike speaking to the camera and showing close ups of the bike.
The person continues speaking while showing off his gear and leads into him adjusting settings on his bike.
An elderly couple are dancing alone on a gymnasium floor while a line of people at a table watch.
They spin and dance happily, and the crowd claps as they finish and walk away.
man is standing in front of a table chopping vegetables and preparing a sandwich, he put in a bread butter cheese, avoado, and ham and a rolled sandwich.
man talks o the camera and spread butter in bread slices with a knife put cheddar cheese, ham and ketchup and cut in four slices and serve them in a plate.
woman is talking to another standing in front of green lockers in a hallway, a man walks to the girls holding yellow roses on his hand.
a woman walks in the hall holding a mouthwash and talking to the camera about it.
woman is in front of a handwash cleaning his mouth with mouthwash.
the woman is in the hall and talk to the boys and they seem impressed by her fresh breath.
A man is cutting another mans hair.
He is demonstrating the types of cuts.
He combs and snips the front of the mans hair.
He parts the hair and continues pulling and trimming the front flip.
He then turns the mans head and works on the back.
He finishes haircut on the man.
woman is talking to the camera and holding makeup brushes.
woman is shoing a braid on her hair and its shownig how to do the braid.
A young girl is seen scrubbing a small dog down with soap next to a tub full of water.
She pours more soap onto the dog and drags him over and leads into pictures of the dog all cleaned.
Individuals run with a elongated stick and use it to elevated their bodies over a heighten hurdle.
A guy touches the back of the individual as he lifts his body.
The guy seems like he falls backs while trying to lift his body because the clip is reversed.
The credits of the video are shown.
Two people are seen speaking to the camera and leads into them passing a ball on sticks to one another.
The woman pauses to speak to the camera several times as well as show more clips of the two hitting the ball.
Several shots are shown of people wandering on a beach that lead into clips of a soccer match and people celebrating.
More people are seen dancing around as well as playing soccer and gesturing to the camera.
A woman is seen pulling a piece of exercise equipment while struggling to get it to move.
She moves the mat underneath her and then is able to pull the bar back and fourth towards her.
There are several workers on top of a roof working on repairing the roof.
They are removing the old shingles with the help of a roof jacks.
They continue removing the shingles while standing on top of the roof.
Two people are dancing in a room.
They turn to the side and continue dancing.
They finish and pose at the end.
A chef is seen speaking to the camera holding up a knife as well as a sharpener.
The man then sharpens the knife on a board on the table as well as on the sharpener.
An old man in white shirt is brushing the the body of the brown horse.
The girl in blue shirt standing beside the old man brushed the horse's fur, then the old man took over, brush the horse and the girl rub the horse's fur with her hands.
A young boy is seen pouring soap into his hands and scrubbing his hands above a sink.
He then grabs a paper towel and dries off his hands.
A boy is jumping rope and doing tricks around in circles.
Then, Another boy is jumping rope as well and swirling it around and he eventually throws his rope.
There is a larger group of 5 that jump rope in sync and do a lot of cool tricks.
Followed by a lot of videos of many different people jumping and in groups together doing it in competitions and for fun or practice.
A gymnast is seen standing ready and waves one arm into the air.
She jumps onto a set of uneven bars and performs a gymnastics routine consisting on flips and tricks.
She jumps off the bars in the end and waves her arms in the air while her coach claps for her.
A marching band walk in the street playing instruments while a woman on front holds a flag.
A boy on front the band holds a rode and raise and spin around.
Then, band arrives and pass a traffic light.
A man is standing next to a bicycle.
He is holding a new tube for a tire.
He grabs an air pump and attaches it to the tire.
He pumps the tire with air.
He attaches the pump to the flat tire and pumps it up.
A man is talking in front of two large windows.
Two men are kneeling down on the ground.
The man is back to talking in front of the windows.
Two men are sitting on a train talking.
A man in a black coat is walking down the street.
He is holding a white paper in his hand and writing on it.
He is then walking up some stairs on an bridge with other people.
He is getting harnessed on top of the bridge.
He jumps off the bridge and bungee jumps.
A man in an orange vest puts him into the boat.
A man holding a camera is standing on the sidewalk and watches another man trip and fall and runs over to help him.
A close up is shown of leaves being blown.
A person is blowing leaves with a leaf blower.
They continue blowing the leaves across the yard.
A black screen appears with blue letters that say "Jayne Clarke Field Hockey Clips 2009".
The clips begin to play and there are a series of small clips put together of the girl playing with a team, practicing alone, and practicing on a course.
The video ends with the girl practicing alone on a empty and large blue indoor court.
Members of a belly dance academy do a choreographed routine in an advertisement for the school.
They move around the stage and then show their bellies.
A woman is standing in a gated yard beside a girl on a horse.
She walks away as the girl rides the horse carefully around the fence.
She then takes the horse into a light trot as she rides.
A man wearing very large glasses is talking into a black microphone while people behind him are dancing until he points into their direction and they all scatter off the dance floor.
Men are dressed in red suits and each are taking turns break dancing alone as words on the screen are possibly naming the dancer.
When the last man is dancing they all stop and strike a pose and DJ that has been playing this whole time continues to play music at his DJ station.
A barefoot woman in a purple outfit and beige headscarf is kneeling and washing dishes in an outdoor body of water in front of grass and a wooden platform.
The woman rinses a bronze platter in the narrow body of water and proceeds to place it in an orange plastic bucket.
The woman continues to wash other dishes and place them in the orange basket.
The camera pans out a great distance and turns  to show a yellow bannister on an outdoor deck with a brown leather chaise like seating area over looking a large lake.
Two girls are seen holding a pose in the middle of a large gymnasium while others watch around them.
The girls begin performing a dance routine while using batons.
The girls continue to dance around and end by holding a pose.
A person's hand is seen pushing various marbles down a long track and watching where they land.
They push several more marbles while the camera moves up and down to catch the action.
A close up of a canoe is seen moving along the water showing a person paddling in the front.
Several more people are seen riding around in canoes and showing waterfalls as well as a fire.
A man is standing behind a woman sitting in a chair.
He is putting a product into her hair.
He begins to blow dry her hair.
She starts to blow dry her hair herself.
Two people wearing scuba gear are underwater.
They look at each other, remove their mouth pieces, then kiss.
The man places his mouth piece back in.
A small ground of people are seen standing around a baseball field looking around to one another.
Suddenly a few begin dancing around and one holds the ball in the middle.
This video is a tutorial showing people how to ski correctly.
First it tells you what environment you should ski in.
It also shows someone skiing in the snow to accompany the steps given.
Children perform martial arts moves in a dojo as adults watch.
A girl flips and takes her turn then flips out of the center.
A teen does a flip to the other side of the room.
One of the teachers moves to the middle of the floor.
The teen talks to another one of the children and send the boy in when it's his turn.
the teen attempts to have a scared boy take a turn but the boy refuses.
The children all run to the floor.
kids are gathered around a wooden table in a kitchen.
woman is cutting oranges and showing it to kids and squeezing it in a glass in the table.
Various people are seen doing sit ups with other's help and transitions into several shots of people performing grueling tasks.
One man climbs a wall and does push ups while another is interviewed by the camera and several people climb a wall.
More shots of the people exercising are shown as well as climbing rock walls and several push ups.
A blond athletic girl with a serious face has her hands all chalked up and is standing next to a wooden balance beam, dressed in a black and white decorated bodysuit, and the banner on the bottom of the screen say's her name is SHAWN JOHNSON 1ST PLACE AFTER 2ND ROTATION.
The girl rubs her hands together a few times, the audience claps, she smiles and raises her two arms in the air, smiles, turns to the horse and runs and jumps until she lands on the balance beam.
The girl immediately begins her routine and it includes a lot of flips, walking, twirls, hand movements, spins and etcetera.
The girl goes to the furthest end of the balance beam, stares at the other end, quickly flips on the balance beam, and then flips off of the balance beam a few times, lands on her feet, raises her two arms in the air and the crowd cheers.
A guy is wiping a car tire.
A female walks from driver side lightly rubbing a black cloth on the join the guy.
The female throws the black cloth on a car directly above the tire the man is cleaning.
The man picks up the black cloth, drops the rug on the sidewalk, and uses it to wipe the tire.
kid is swinging on a playground.
woman runs to the swings and sits.
woman stands and foot up.
A young man is seen holding his eye open in front of a mirror and attempting to put a contact lens in.
He drops the lens on the sink and again tries to put the contact into his eye.
He drops the lens again and continues trying to put it into his eye and the camera moves around in the end.
A young man dance in a room moving his hands and putting behind his back.
Then, the man put his hand behind his head.
The reflection of the man is in the mirror.
A man kneels on a mat and shows her back an front with his left hand while talking.
Then, the man lift a kettlebell and put on front his chest while talking.
Then, the man put the kettlebell on the floor and continues talking.
A cowboy riding a horse exits a gate.
He ropes a little calf with a lasso.
He jumps down and ties up the calf.
A martini glass is being filled with vodka.
A woman is shown behind a bar with different alcohol bottles.
She mixes them together, then decorates the final drink.
A man is seated, playing a guitar.
Close ups are occasionally shown of the instrument, then back to the man playing.
Two people are seen standing around a gym hitting a birdie to one another.
The men hit the object back and fourth while others watch on the side.
The people continue to watch the two play and one off the side takes his shirt off.
A game of lacrosse of being shown with a large group of people running around a field.
Several people watch on the sidelines  as the game continues and a ref steps in to make a call.
We see a sleeping lady in a hospital.
A person begins combing the hair of a sleeping elderly lady in a hospital.
The camera moves to the top of the ladies head.
The camera then moves to the front of the ladies face.
A man lifts up a large pitcher of beer and starts drinking it.
People sitting around a table cheer him on.
The man puts his hands in the air and laughs.
The people around the table start pumping their hands in the air.
The man claps his hands.
Two men stand on the far left of a beer pong table.
One of the men throws a beer pong ball across the table, into a cup.
The other man with him throws a ball across the table, too.
Two other men stand on the far right side of the beer pong table, and one of the men reaches to grab the cup where the ball fell into, and the other man bends down to catch a ball that has fallen on the floor.
A woman is seated on a bed in a bedroom.
She runs her hands through her hair as she talks.
She opens a cigarette case and smokes a cigarette while she talks.
A gymnast jumps onto a pummel horse.
The gymnast performs many spins around the horse as he holds onto the two bars on the pummel horse.
A couple of judges look on.
The gymnast jumps off the pummel horse.
People are driving around playing bumper cars.
A man has to help get cars unstuck.
A person is helping a young  man to jump behind the rails of a bridge and check the belts.
Then, the man jumps down the bridge.
A person is using a large armed window washing mechanism to wash the exterior, front, glass window of a sandwich store.
The person is a man with grey hair and glasses and he uses the tool to wash the very top of the window all the way to the base of the glass.
The man continues to wash all four glass panes one by one using squiggly motions before leaving the window and walking away from the store.
A couple of toys are wrestling on a table next to a stack of dvds.
They kick and push each other down.
A screen of stars in a black sky are shown.
The words "speed cubing 53 sec" appear on a black screen.
A young man sits at a table and starts playing with a Rubik's Cube.
The man solves the puzzle completing all sides of the cube and the screen goes black.
A text graphic is seen with a title and description.
A man stands on a roof and drills pieces of wood down.
Credits are seen for the video with a website.
Paintballs are flying at men in front of a tent.
The men back into the tent.
People are getting ready for the paintball competition.
Paintballs come out of a man's mouth.
The sun is setting.
A man is sitting on a bull in a gate.
The bull is released and a man on a horse chases after it.
The man jumps off the horse and ties the bull up.
The man stands up and walks back to his horse.
A woman is talking to the camera.
She shows how to hang a border along a wall in a living room.
She then goes back to talking to the camera.
Women are dancing on a stage.
Women are waving flags around behind them.
A woman is doing a belly dance in the middle of the stage.
A man is sitting at a drum set.
He is playing the drums and cymbals, and talking to the camera.
He shows the mechanics of the pedals and the effects on the drums as he uses them.
A special effect bowling theme intro appears and the text in the middle read "CHRIS HARDWICK'S ALL STAR Celebrity Bowling".
There are four men posing in a bowling alley, all are wearing yellow shirts and their team name text say's "nerdist".
A group of 4 people appear next and there are 3 men and 1 woman and the team name text say's "WWE Superstars".
Clips begin to play and it includes various people bowling, talking, demonstrating bowling, giving interviews, hanging out, laughing, playing around, shaving facial hair, doing pushups, eating, feeding one another and etcetera.
Large yellow words on the screen appear and it say's "Team Nerdist Wins!" and the entire team gets up and celebrates.
A nerdist team member happily speaks into the camera, and then unhappy member from another team unhappily speaks to the camera.
A marching band is playing on a field.
A man in a trench coat is talking into a microphone.
A team is playing lacrosse on a field of grass.
A man is seen standing ready holding a dart and looking off into the distance.
The man then throws the dart in slow motion while the camera continues to follow him.
A woman is standing next to a vacuum.
She dumps something onto the floor.
She takes the vacuum and vacuums up the mess.
She takes the hose off the vacuum and starts using that on the floor.
A young child is seen sitting on a swing set when an older man steps behind him and pushes.
The boy moves back and fourth on the swing and leads to the boy jumping off and the man looking surprised.
A man water skiis at a river.
A long haired man operates a boat and the boat drags a man water skiing across the water.
A man in glasses speaks to the camera.
A guy holding onto a rope attached to a boat water skiis.
The man in the glasses appears again, speaking to the camera and points to a man water skiing on the river.
The water skiier glides back and forth on the water of the river.
The man in glasses talks about the water skiis.
A blurry object is shown and white text shows up that reads "Fun Shoe Shine".
As the picture becomes more clear there is a small silver can with a screw on lid and the writing on the can say's "Dr Martens AirWair".
A pair of shiny black boots are standing and their black shoelaces are tied and the text "After" appears on the front left area of the boot.
A few angles of the boots are shown and various words pop up in front of them.
A person is then seen wiping the boot down with a cloth and more texts show up.
A close up of the silver can being opened by a hand is showing the contents in it and how to use the contents on a boot.
The can is then screwed tight again and the texts "See you next time" ends the video.
Pop up texts occur throughout the entire time.
A man dressed in army fatigues is playing bagpipes while other people watch.
A woman is shown in the background dancing around as he plays.
When he is finished claim he laughs and jokes with the other people.
A lone man in a room with a green screen backdrop performs a break dancing move on a patch of hardwood floors, using his back to spin.
The man stops dancing and stands in front of the camera talking to it before demonstrating basic break dance moves including using the hands and knees to perform spins from the floor.
The man continues to demonstrate break dance moves and talk to the camera until he gives a peace sign to the camera and the screen fades to a marketing graphic.
An athletic woman is shown running down a track and jumping into a large sand pit.
Her jump is then shown again several times in slow motion and another runner takes a turn at the jump.
Her jump is shown again in slow motion and she waves to the audience while smiling.
A person sings on front a crowd dressed on hip hop clothes.
A man dance hip hop doing acrobatics moves with his hands and legs on the floor on front a crowd.
People takes pictures and film the man who are behind the man.
Women are dressed up in fancy clothing.
A woman is putting something onto another woman's body.
Words come up on the screen.
A man is seen riding on a long river with another person riding behind.
The camera transitions into several people riding in tubes and pushing themselves down a river.
A balded man is seen talking to the camera while another man stands above him and cuts his hair.
The man sitting rubs his hand and holds his face into his hands.
A body piercing artist is seen piercing the belly button of a female.
Initially he uses a piercing tool to make the incision on the belly button.
Afterwards he inserts the piercing and makes sure its secure.
Than he uses a wipe and cleans the area.
Afterwards the girl stands up talks to he friend and looks in the mirror.
In the end the camera man turns around and speaks to the camera with authority .
An overhead view of a pool match.
A man in a funny blue vest is shown as the next player to take a shot.
He pauses and studies the table before taking his shot.
He shoots and hits the blue ball in the corner right pocket.
A skater girl in a white t-shirt and shorts tries to jump with her skateboard and falls backwards hitting her head.
Two more skaters head around a curve, but one plows straight into a hay-stack, though luckily helmet-first.
Another helmeted skater tries a hand-stop, and does stop, though unfortunately his skateboard does not.
After a few more skating mishaps, the last performance is by a skater who doesn't feel the need for safety equipment and while headed straight down a hill, he flips off of his skateboard and spends several minutes checking on his various road-rashes.
A brunette woman is sitting in a bubble bath with one leg out shaving it with a pink razor.
The woman goes up one stroke of the razor and begins again.
She repeats this process shaving up the leg and beginning again a few times around her leg.
A woman is standing and walking inside a store.
She walks up to a man and shakes his hand.
She walks away, perusing the items on the shelves before leaning onto the counter, flexing her biceps.
The woman shows the man her biceps before engaging in arm wrestling with him.
She sits beside the counter, continuing to talk with him for a while.
The top shingle of a roof dangles unsecured.
A man on a roof hammers a nail into the shingle, securing the shingle.
A young boy is seen speaking with others while wrapping ballet shoes around him and walking past others.
The man then steps into ballet class and interacts with the dancers and ends by drinking a beer.
A man is seen standing outside holding a rope and tying it around a tree bark.
He then axes the log on the ground and breaks it into two.
Various title cards flash in front of the screen.
We see a dog, and a man with a selfie stick carrying a snowboard.
The man is snowboarding and holding the selfie stick.
The man is playing with the dog, and we see the dog close up.
The man is snowboarding downhill.
He stops to pet his dog again before snowboarding again.
the man and the dog are walking in an area with little snow.
The man mounts the board and snowboards before putting it in his truck.
We see the Gopro screen.
Two people are seen standing up behind a set of drums looking at the camera.
The two then begin playing the drums while a small girl walks in and out of frame.
The two pause for a moment then continue playing with one stopping and letting the other finish.
At the center of sandy field, has the cows fighting at the center, while the audience are watching on the sides, sitting on the ground.
Three men are supervising the bullfighting, the bull push each other with their horns.
A man got off from his truck, the other man pulled the bull off of his truck, the bull are tied on a poles.
Two men are holding each end of the rope as the black bull stumped on the ground.
The bulls are fighting at the center of the field, and the people are watching, one bull ran towards the audience.
man is wearing stils and is making high jumps above a trasher bin in a parking lot.
man is doing high jumps inf ront of the las vegas sign in the street and above a stoned wall in the street.
A man in cold weather clothing is kayaking on a river.
The shot pans out to show several kayaks, and the man stuck on a small waterfall.
He finally gets himself unstuck, pulling away from the falls.
A man with a red jacket and grey pants is walking across a slack line in the middle of the mountains.
As he is trying to tight rope,he falls over and is never able to stand up.
Although he isn't able to get up,he holds on and starts bouncing up and down upside down.
two guys appears in a backyard and are speaking to the camera.
guys are in a wood surface playing rock paper scissors and the loser is given a wooden hit in the nuts and fell to the floor.
man is talking to camera and other guys are in the back adn then talking to the winner.
they are playing round two o rock paper scissors and again the loser is fiven a wooden hit in the nuts and a man is talking to the camera.
the guys make the final round of rock paper scissors and the winner is announced, one of the men gaves a hit in the nuts to both guys.
The words "The Shotover River In Flood" appear on screen.
First person video shows a raft full of people heading down and extremely rough river in-between rocky cliffs.
The words "Big thanks to River Guide J-Rod" appear on screen.
Close ups of fabric are shown and leads to a man putting them on a wall and a woman speaking to a great of men.
A person lays out paper on a table and shows the men how to properly put wallpaper on.
A man then speaks to the camera and ends with information being presented and the man putting down more paper.
A young woman is seen performing several martial arts moves in the middle of a large mat.
The girl continues moving around  and then leads into her fighting a boy.
More pictures of her are shown as well as her fighting.
A man is seen talking to the camera while holding a tennis racket and begins demonstrating how to hit the ball.
The man continues to speak and hit the ball while moving around the gym and gesturing to the camera.
The video leads into various shots of people kite surfing all along the ocean.
The person continues riding all along the water while the camera follows him from a bird's eye view.
The camera pans around several pitting sitting at a bar as well as bartenders attending to people's needs.
More shots are shown of people interacting in the restaurant and finally people speaking to the camera.
Children swings a broom handle at a pinata in a backyard.
The boy breaks the pinata open and candy spills on the ground.
A woman runs up and adjusts the pinata.
A woman runs up to get the broom stick but dodges to not get hit by the blindfolded child.
The woman guides the boy up who is blindfolded toward the tree.
A boat is seen riding along the water with a man driving others around.
A person is seen riding on the back doing several flips and tricks on his board.
The people watch the man as well as the camera as he continues flipping around and looking back to the camera.
man is standing on a room playing dart.
man is throwing darts into a dartboard.
the man grabs the darts from the board and talks to the camera.
A woman is knitting what appears to be a scarf while sitting in front of a computer keyboard.
She is using the needles to make the scarf.
She pulls the yarn through with the loop several times.
A man in a blue shirt is sitting down holding a bar on an exercise machine.
He pushes off and uses the exercise machine.
A man talks indoors, then a lady talks in a field while girls runs on her side.
The lady talks with girls who plays a game hitting a ball with a stick.
Girls take turns to talk, while other players practice shooting balls to the goal and display the city of Baltimore, the players of the Ravens and the roads of the city.
The words "My Horseback Riding Fails" appears.
A girl riding a white horse fails to make her horse do jumps around a track.
A song plays over the video.
A person is seen passing a basketball all around a court to others and ending by shooting a basket.
The group continues to pass the ball around to one another performing drills while the coach instructs.
A dog is running by a lake.
A man is wake boarding behind a boat.
A person is sitting in the water.
A large group of people are seen running around a field playing lacrosse while others watch.
The game continues on as people still watch them on the sides.
They stop various times to speak to one another and continue playing the game.
A special effect intro appears and a blue word appears in the middle of the screen and say's "Howcast".
A woman is lying on a bed in a business with a man sitting next to her and a list of things pop up on the screen under the words "YOU WILL NEED" appear on the screen.
The woman is shown doing various things as steps show up under each action she does, and even tips appear on the screen that lead up to the woman laying on the bed as a man tattoos her.
When he's done tattooing her he holds up a white bottle with a green cap and talks to her while showing it and white words appear on the screen giving a warning that "Applying too much topical anesthetic and then covering the tattoo can cause seizures".
The woman stands up to show her tattoo and the woman is briefly shown sunbathing with the tattoo covered up.
A close up of her tattoo is shown and words appear over it that say's "Democrats are more likely to have tattoos", then a white screen appears with the blue words in the middle that say "Howcast".
A man is seen bending over a large set of weights with another walking behind him.
The man lifts the bar up over his head and throws it back down.
The man does this again while people watch on the sides.
A man is seen speaking to the camera while it pans around the area and he climbs into a machine.
He uses the machine to rip up the roof and ends with a close up of the machine.
A man pours a liquid onto a table.
With the use of a paintbrush, he covers the table with the liquid.
He removes varnish from the top of the table.
Afterwards, he does a light sanding of the table.
With a tack rug, he removes the dust.
Wearing gloves, he applies a stain to the table.
Finally, he polishes the table and shows off his end result.
Coffee is ground up in an electric grinder.
A cup of coffee and coffee press are set on a table.
Milk is poured into the cup of coffee.
The cup of coffee is picked up and set back down on the saucer.
A person is peeling a sticker off of a white shoe.
They wipe the shoe with a towel.
A black screen appears with white,red,green and blue words that say "membrillo films" on one screen,  "Mateo Bervelillo" ,and "Trillizos".
A man is now outdoors, sits on a wooden box, and begins tapping his fingers onto the box and bouncing his feet on the ground.
Another man who looks like the first man comes out of a door and sits on the chair outdoor near the first man and he begins hitting a bongo.
A third man who looks like the two previous men before him, come out of a door and sit on the last chair and he plays on his bongo.
Two men alternatively dance on the street while pedestrian and road traffic pass by.
Two women stop to watch the dancers.
A man and a woman stop to watch the dancers.
A woman is seen standing before pinata and swinging a bat.
People watch on the side as the woman continue to hit the object.
The woman swings over and over and a man comes into frame to kick it.
A man is standing in his yard.
He uses a brush to brush his very long hair.
He brushes it from several different angles.
A group of kids are in a classroom like setting standing in a circle.
In the middle of the circle,a woman is hitting a pinata wrapped in blue wall paper.
A car is driving down a road with passengers.
The men gather on a bridge, adorning equipment.
A man in a gorilla costume walks along the bridge.
The men take turns bungee jumping from the bridge.
The people wave as they drive away, then are shown posing for a picture.
A person has their hand over the lens.
We then see a child in gray skiing in front of the camera operator.
the child falls off their skis and lays in the snow.
The camera person stops and wipes snow from the kids goggles and turns off the camera.
Two boys in matching shirts sit on a sofa and talk with a candy toy in their hands as they hold the candy up to the camera, play with the candy toy buttons and talk.
The two boys mock fight with the toy candy, which is shaped like a hand with retractable fingers, and the camera speeds up when they do this.
The boys then switch toys and open the toy candy at which point they begin to eat the candy and talk while chewing.
A closeup of the toy candy is then shown, with the candy lying on a maroon backdrop and posed.
A woman walks over to a flower bed and wheelbarrow as she talks.
She demonstrates how to mulch, picking up the material and showing how to pack it around plants.
Two women and a little girl are walking outdoors, showing the little girl a group of boys in the distance.
They throw a ball, and the girl kicks it before being led to a base.
The group gathers together to congratulate her.
Two men are standing on the side of the court holding basketball.
The men are giving interview, talking to the camera, while one man is talking the other man is listening, then vice versa.
The man went to the basket dribble to the ball, the men ran to the basket and shot the ball.
A man is leaning over a large pool table.
He uses a cue to shoot the ball toward the pocket.
He tries again and again until they go into the pockets.
A person's feet are show followed by a woman putting shoes over her socks and bending forward.
She twirls around her feet and looking to the camera while showing her shoe completely on.
A gymnast is seen looking off into the distance and leads into her hold her arms up.
She jumps onto a beam and begins performing various flips and tricks.
The girl jumps all around the beam and ends by jumping down and raising her arms up and smiling to the camera.
A camera pans around a fenced in area and leads into a man and his dog performing tricks with a frisbee.
The an continues to perform tricks with the dog using the toys and other dogs watching on the side.
Two boys play ping pong across a large ping pong table outdoors while a third boy watches from the sidelines.
A boy in a t shirt with a wing graphic on it hits the ball towards the other shirtless player.
The shirtless player returns the serve and the boy with the t-shirt misses the ball and has to pick it up and throw it to the other player for a re-serve.
The two begin playing again while the boy in the middle on the sidelines observes the game.
Two wrestling women are fighting in a ring.
They do a suplex, and the referee counts to three as the dark haired woman wins.
A man points to and picks up a pressurized spray can to display it.
The man then picks up a roll of paper towels.
The man shakes the pressurized spray can.
The man sprays the window where the stain is and wipes the area with a paper towel.
sprays the glass cleaner on the middle of the window in multiple spots and wipes them off.
Two people are seen speaking to the camera wearing costume when another person steps into frame.
Two people then battle one another in the costumes and run into one another.
One person knocks the other on the ground and shows off a wrestling move.
One person covers the floor with tiles.
Then, another man come and help cover the floor with tiles.
A man and dog are seen standing outside in a field with a man playing fetch with a dog.
The man throws the frisbee around with the dog while the animal brings it back.
The man performs several more tricks with the dog using several frisbees.
A man is seen walking around an area pointing to himself and speaking to the camera.
The man then begins performing various martial arts moves and kicking towards the camera.
The man continues moving around while the camera captures his movements.
A man in a red shirt drives an orange tractor around the lawn.
A dog runs around the yard.
A woman drives the orange tractor.
A pair of dirty nike sneakers are seen on a counter.
A man fills a bowl with water, then adds a cleaning solution.
He uses a brush to scrub the shoes clean.
A young boy is seen swimming around with another person standing in the water.
The boy continues to swim around with the other people as well as do flips under the water.
The kids move under and over the water while the camera continues to follow them.
A large wave is crashing toward the shore.
People are surfing behind the giant wave.
The surfer maintains his balance as he surfs and goes beneath a second wave.
A woman mounts a beam with an audience in the background.
The woman performs gymnastics on the beam.
The woman dismounts from the beam.
A large group of people are seen moving around together in a large gymnasium.
The people move up and down on a beam kicking their legs up and moving around.
The people continue moving all around the board while the camera captures their movements.
A little girl is standing in a kitchen in front of a bowl and sugar cookie mix.
The girl starts showing the ingredients to her audience, before pouring the cookie mix into a bowl.
